To those whites who feel unwelcome on the 2.5 million-acre reservation, who feel officially less than Indians living under the same huge sky, the Crow say tough. 
Thirty years ago, up to three dozen Indians practiced law. 
Today, sovereignty and the power to govern a patch of land is the great find. 
He went straight out to sea ``It was one fierce ride. 
How can we describe that to the world?'' NYT-08-12-98 1408EDT 
There, the murder rate of 1 for 675 residents in 1995 was twice that of New Orleans, according to a federal report last year on Indian law enforcement. 
Seated in a round hogan, a traditional Navajo home built with logs that has a red dirt floor, Lorraine Nelson, 60, a teacher from Window Rock, recalled an earlier era when children spent their days herding sheep and assisting the tribe rather than getting in trouble. 
In the months since, 10 more tribes, some of them under threat of federal action, have signed the Pala compact, which limits each tribe to 199 of the new machines but allows them to lease rights for unused machines to other tribes, up to a maximum of 990 for any tribe, with a statewide cap of 19,900. 
Peter Iverson, a professor of history at Arizona State University, said that there had been a significant shift in Indian population over the past 20 years, with a majority of Indians now living in urban areas. 
``But the business types said they needed that site next to the river, overlooking the mountains,'' said Leon, whose grandfather held the revered religious title of medicine man. 
Such museums are becoming a common element in casino and resort developments on reservations. 
For purchase information see end of text. 
The tribe has tried several times to build casinos elsewhere but has been rebuffed, most recently in Carroll County, Ga., on the Alabama border west of Atlanta. 
Brian Gordon, an Australian territorial government gambling regulator, predicted at one World Gaming Congress seminar last week that Australian regulatory and consumer protection statutes would become the model as other rich nations, one by one, accept the inevitability of worldwide cyber gambling. 
Nearly 46,000 Native Americans live in the New York City metropolitan area. 
Then there's American Indian Services, which does mental health, and also has a youth program, and they're run by the city. 
It is land they want back. 
w1230 &Cx1f; wstm- Doctors testify doped female swimmers suffered liver damage, facial hair &QL; 
	 BERLIN (AP) _ Germany's second doping trial against former East German sports functionaries opened Tuesday with coaches and doctors confessing they systematically administered performance-enhancing drugs to female swimmers. 	 
But since German unification, evidence of the systematic use of steroids to enhance performance has been found in once-secret East German government files. 	 
Whether in the guise of vitamins, hormone supplements or food additives, there is apparently a synthetically engineered anabolic look-alike out there for everyone, whether the athletes are looking to raise a barbell or their tennis ranking. 
``It's been a very troublesome, frustrating experience; tennis is such a mental game, and this has put a lot of extra pressure on her,'' he said. 
Andro, however, already has been banned by the International Olympic Committee, the NCAA and the ATP tennis tour, and the NFL has banned its use since 1996, primarily because it can be classified with other steroids. 
``I'm saying we don't know. 
The accepted ratio of testosterone, the male sex hormone, to epitestosterone, an inactive metabolite that is used as a marker, is 6 to 1; anything above that is considered to indicate the possible use of testosterone as a performance-enhancing anabolic steroid. 
Both groups of patients increased muscle mass significantly more than a group given a placebo, and increased their abilities to do more exercise faster while becoming less fatigued. 
Most prevention programs, he said recently, have not been effective. 
Its female swimmers and distance runners have been far less dominant since the mid-1990s. 
Minutes before Jones's heat, the gold medal favorite in the women's hammer throw was told while on the track that she was ineligible to compete because she had failed a drug test for the steroid nandrolone. 
``I stated all along that this day was going to be the most difficult for me because I had two heats of the 200 and the long jump,'' Jones said. 
&QL; NYT-09-27-00 0101EDT &QL; 
They are human beings, and every human makes mistake, " Puello said. 
HONG KONG, September 10 (Xinhua) -- Following are Hang Seng Index (key indicator of Hong Kong's blue chips), Hang Seng China Enterprises Index, Hang Seng China-Affiliated Corporations Index and turnover on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on Friday: Index: Friday Thursday change Hang Seng Index (HSI) 13,855 13,854 +1 HSI Sectors: Finance 20,276 20,342 -66 Utilities 16,400 16,348 +52 Properties 16,444 16,414 +30 Com/Ind 8,312 8,309 +3 Hang Seng China Enterprises Index 616 602 +14 Hang Seng China-Affiliated Corporations Index 1,174 1,155 +19 Turnover (Million HK Dollars): HSI 10,663 11,442 +779 The data above are from Hang Seng Index Services Limited, which 
?
The resort could be looking at civil fines of up to $27,500 a day if the EPA determines the road is a violation of the Clean Water Act, which requires permits for construction through wetlands to protect migratory birds and other fauna. 	
The logging road, built last fall to move heavy equipment and remove trees from the ski resort's new 885-acre area, was discovered earlier this year by U.S. Forest Service employees. 
In 1996, Telluride ski area was fined $1.1 million for destroying 17 acres of wetlands. 	
There is ''little evidence to justify'' the abandonment of the nationwide permit system, and the tighter half-acre restriction is not needed, said the National Association of Home Builders. 
The new requirements will take effect in June, according to the Army Corps' final draft. 
They argue that more wetlands are being created through their efforts to form new ones than are lost to the bulldozers. 
The new rules require: -Public notice and public comment before a permit is granted. 
Since last summer, the corps has been updating its nationwide system for issuing permits to fill wetlands, seeking to identify areas where wetlands are particularly vulnerable or important and need protection. 
``We're going to be supportive but attentive as to the environmental impacts,'' he said. 
The EPA has not identified any significant pollution from the discharge at this point, he added. 
Senior Corps officials acknowledge that inspections and enforcement actions have dropped, but they say that partly reflects a society becoming sensitive to the need to protect wetlands, so there are fewer attempts to damage them. 
However, even if the White House received more money, Clinton does not plan to beef up enforcement significantly. 
Steven Lee, one of the state's 48 cranberry growers and a spokesman for the group, denied any deception. 
This change could make a big difference. 
Regionally, the rules should benefit New York City's watershed, where thousands of acres essential to the purity of the city's water supply are threatened by small-scale development. 
Developers and contractors have denounced the new rules, and the administration must be ready to resist legislative attempts to overturn them. 
Times News Service NEW YORK _ The federal government announced Thursday tougher restrictions for building on wetlands within the New York City watershed. 
To collect the comprehensive information on China's wetlands resources, China has organized several large-scale investigations in the past few years and ran several training classes in Jiangxi, Shandong provinces and Inner Mongolia Autonomous Regions for the administration of wetlands. 
?
What a film. 
That was countered by a fuselage of reaction from fans, many of whom raised doubts about whether Job even saw the movie, pointing out his review noticeably lacked the kinds of details that would suggest he was there. 	
The bottom line, financially, is the early buzz -- or for that matter the reactions from the professional critics who see ``Phantom'' Friday night -- won't mean a thing initially, said Paul Dergarabedian, of box office tracker Exhibitor Relations Co. Inc. 	
Pirated video CDs of ``Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace'' are widely available in shopping malls for Hong Kong for $3.20 to $3.80, the South China Morning Post reported Thursday. 	
9. ``Life,'' $1.4 million. 	
`Star Wars' is something special to me. 
I started counting down the days when the release was more than 500 days away.'' Similar sentiments clog the Internet, which has been littered with ``Star Wars'' sites for years. 
I had to sign my name to get in.'' NYT-04-06-99 2233EDT &QL; 
------------------------------------------------------------ If not, The New York Times Syndicate can help _ with Ian Spelling's STAR WARS COUNTDOWN package, which will guide your readers to the May 19 premiere. 
But it took less than three years for ``Star Wars'' to unseat ``Jaws,'' and by the end of 1977, ``Close Encounters of the Third Kind'' was on its way to outdoing ``Star Wars'' in box-office receipts. 
It is truly out there. 
An Alec Guinness imitation is interesting only up to a point. 
Piracy is a serious international problem, of course, but anybody who sees a shaky copy of ``The Phantom Menace'' on a small screen with tinny sound is missing the point. 
In special effects, Lucas has moved a galaxy beyond. 
Mention health store pills to most doctors, and the response is likely to fall somewhere between a blank look and a condescending smile. 	 
Or wherever else men and women of a certain age gather and talk about what's aching them. 	 
Unlike these drugs, glucosamine (pronounced glue-COSE-uh-mean) and chondroitin (conn-DROY-tin) are already present in the body as building material of cartilage. 	 
The Journal did not specify the sources of the adverse event reports, which could come from health professionals, consumers or the drug company itself. 	
Vioxx and Celebrex are in a new class of drugs known as COX-2 inhibitors. 
Visit the Star-Telegram's online services on the World Wide Web: www.star-telegram.com) 
&QL; NYT-06-29-98 1555EDT &QL; 
Results showed that the drug works at least as well and probably better than other treatments for neuropathic pain, but with far fewer side effects. 
Unlike NSAIDs, however, they do not interfere with the closely related COX-1 enzyme, which helps build a protective lining in the stomach and gastrointestinal tract. 
Vioxx has an indication for treatment of acute pain; Celebrex does not _ it has been approved for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis and osteoarthritis. 
At about that time, Harkin said, a friend, Rep. Berkley Bedell, D-Iowa, became ill with Lyme disease and prostate cancer, and resigned from Congress. 
Good food sources are cold-water fish such as sardines, salmon, tuna and mackerel. 
JOINT PAIN DRUG GAINS SCIENTIFIC ATTENTION (For use by New York Times News Service clients) By LARRY TYE c.2000 The Boston Globe This isn't the way medical science is supposed to work. 
Animal tests in Arizona offer hope. 
Cartilage was removed from rabbits to mimic an injury of the kind humans get, and they were fed glucosamine, chondroitin, and a combination of the two. 
?
?
Over time, these increases could cause changes in climate, including the increased frequency and intensity of storms, floods, heat waves, and droughts, the scientists said. 
Drought would also likely affect Argentina, southern Mexico and Central America. 
While President Clinton signed the Kyoto agreement, he has not sought its ratification because of widespread opposition in the Senate. 
The report estimates that some species of vegetation would have to migrate 10 times faster than during the last glacial retreat, about 10,000 years ago. 
Sterling Golongergen, 43, a community development worker in Savoonga, an island town in the Bering Sea, said at a news conference that as the ice melts, hunting gets more difficult. 
By WILLIAM K. STEVENS c.1999 N.Y. 
Recent studies lend the question new urgency. 
Skeptics still dismiss the doomsday scenarios of the so-called greenhouse effect. 
But momentum is building for those scientists who contend that the time has come to investigate how global warming may hurt, not whether it's real. 
Heat stress deaths in the United States may double by 2075, one researcher estimates. 
More Americans will wheeze from pollution, sneeze from pollen and grow ill from contaminated water, according to some projections. 
Recent studies showed that abnormal rainfalls boosted mice populations and likely sparked the 1993 hantavirus outbreak near Albuquerque, N.M., suggesting that climate shifts pose infectious disease threats in the United States. 
Drought may slow rivers, creating stagnant pools for mosquito breeding. 
The scientists meeting today was held six days before a White House conference to propose global actions on the issue. 
He cited a recent report by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change which noted that stablization of the concentration of greenhouse gases by the year 2100 will nonetheless be accompanied by rising temperatures and higher sea levels. 
OTTAWA, April 18 (Xinhua) -- The Arctic town of Sachs Harbour in Canada on the west coast of Banks Island is slowly sinking into the sea as a result of global warming, the National Post reported Tuesday. 
	 BEIJING (AP) _ Several thousand taxi drivers angered by new government fees protested outside city offices, paralyzing part of a Chinese provincial capital for three days last week. 	 
All but a few hundred of Shijiazhuang's 4,000 taxi drivers walked off the job Wednesday night, and by 9 a.m. 
Officials with the Chengdu city government, which oversees Dujiangyan, confirmed the protest but refused to provide details. 	 
Workers from the 2,000-employee Min River Timber appealed many times to the Dujiangyan government about their owed wages, but never received a reply, the Information Center said.	 
But the villagers were not satisfied, saying the rate was well below the market price, and they vowed to stage another protest Thursday, China's National Day. 	 
China would definitely have been in total chaos,'' he said. 
	BEIJING (AP) -- China will raise stipends to unemployed workers by 30 percent as part of a series of measures intended to arrest the economic slide and brighten public sentiment ahead of the country's 50th anniversary of communist rule. 	
But Zhang said 300,000 workers laid off this year never received their stipends. 
Lin Chong-pin, vice-chairman of the Mainland Affairs Council which handles Taiwan's China policy, said the maneuvers were part of the mainland's psychological warfare against the island. 
Yet today, one of the most obvious signs of British rule remains. 
NYT-12-27-98 1800EST &QL; 
``The question here is, how can developments within China, which have led to greater economic freedom, and efforts at legal reform, which could bring about sweeping change, be pressed and pushed through a process of engagement?'' There was no immediate response by the Chinese government to the State Department report. 
One man was killed by an exploding gas grenade and dozens were injured. 
But some 730,000 of the 1 million armed police are primarily charged with maintaining public order, according to the latest estimate by the International Institute for Strategic Studies in London. 
The top officers have been drawn from the People's Liberation Army. 
CHINA BANS BUDDHIST LAW MOVEMENT (lh) By MARK LANDLER c.1999 N.Y. 
Rapidly growing religious cults are particularly frightening to Chinese governments because of their historical role in sparking unrest. 
Slowed growth and rising unemployment in the last two years have contributed to social unrest. 
The State Council repealed martial law conditions on parts of Beijing on January 11, 1990. 
That needs to change,'' Hall said in remarks prepared for delivery Thursday at the World Traffic Safety Symposium, an event being held in conjunction with the New York International Auto Show. 	
--Stock more vehicles with built-in child seats. 	
Rather than change the test, Claybrook said automakers should install dual-power air bags that would inflate at different speeds depending on the severity of impact and size of the occupant. 
The real reason the auto industry wants the 25 mph test, Claybrook said, is that popular sport utility vehicles cannot meet the 30 mph standard because of stiff designs that do not absorb impact as well as cars. 
''This rule is going to go so much further in enhancing vehicle safety, it's unprecedented.'' NHTSA also will require vehicles to be tested using a family of dummies -- an average-size man, a small woman and 1-, 3- and 6-year-old children. 
Production of those slow-selling vehicles _ if they are still on the market by then _ will be transferred to Mexico, the company says. 
How high off the road do you want to be? 
Even the spare tire has been taken out of the cargo area and placed under the vehicle. 
The inside of the Grand Vitara is said to almost equal that of the Jeep Cherokee. 
Many trucks, which tend to have only one seat, are now equipped with key-operated shut offs for the front passenger side air bag to prevent such injuries. 
Some '99s are coming with tires that are capable of running for a while with a complete loss of air _ long enough to find help or a safe place off the highway to change the tire. 
``We think what the agency has done today is to needlessly scare people,'' said Julie Rochman, a spokesman for the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety. 
In the LS model tested, the leather seats are wide and firm, essentially five bucket seats. 
A new feature _ one that ought to catch on everywhere _ is height adjustment (about 3 inches) on the gas and brake pedals. 
In the center grouping on the dash, arranged horizontally one above the other are audio controls up top, climate controls below. 
The LS Premium came with the DOHC, 24-valve, Duratec V6 engine. 
But investigators had to gather the information using other sources, such as tire skid marks, in the past. 
I can't imagine using it for every little fender-bender.'' General Motors has a ``strict policy that the data belongs to whoever owns or leases the vehicle, and it won't be accessed without their consent,'' said Terry Rhadigan, the automaker's safety spokesman. 
Settler leaders said fences were ineffective and would create a siege atmosphere. 
One of the first moves of Netanyahu's government in 1996 was to cancel the freeze. 	 
Ariel was established in 1977. 
Netanyahu's senior adviser, David Bar-Illan, could not immediately be reached for comment. 	 
Ariel was established in 1977. 
Nachman said raising the status of Ariel to city is significant as a symbol ```City' means permanence, `settlement' means temporary,'' he said. 	 
It shows that Israel has adopted an extremist policy against the Palestinians and the Syrians in the occupied lands, the memorandum concluded. 
Jewish settlements is one of the outstanding obstacles that block the progress in the Israeli-Palestinian peace process, that has been halted since Israeli construction of the Har Homa settlement in East Jerusalem in early 1997. 
These results refuted the Likud government's claim that the construction of new housing units in settlements is necessitated by rising housing demand caused by the natural growth of the population of settlers. 
Reacting to Indyk's remarks, Netanyahu repeated the government's line that Israel has pledged not to build new settlements but never promised to stop the expansion of existing settlements. 
"We work very hard to ensure that unilateral actions on the Palestinian side are not taken...and we also have a responsibility to ensure that other actions aren't taken that can affect and prejudge the negotiations," he said. 
Netanyahu said Israel has never agreed to limit the expansion of existing Jewish settlements. 
In a letter to the meeting, U.N. Secretary General Kofi Annan called on the Palestinians and Israel to focus on building peace. 
The ex-army chief has said that large blocs of Jewish settlements would remain under Israeli control after a permanent peace accord was reached as a result of the final-status talks. 
But Israel has declared to continue new house constructions in Ma'aleh Adumim, no matter what happens in the future. 
Abourudeneh made the remarks in the West Bank city of Ramallah after a meeting between Arafat and visiting Italian President Carlo Azeglio Ciampi, during which the two leaders discussed the latest development in the peace process. 
JERUSALEM, October 14 (Xinhua) -- Israel will begin from next week to dismantle 12 Jewish encampments in the West Bank under an agreement reached between the government and settler leaders, the Prime Minister's Office said Thursday. 
The Palestinians accused Israel of foot-dragging. 
?
``I know this might not be the proper forum for a political speech,'' Bush said. 
They made the decision to home-school six of their seven children. 
But they operate independently of most district and state regulations, cutting through bureaucratic red tape that may hinder other public schools. 
The educational schism isn't likely to disappear anytime soon. 
With a sense of national survival at stake, Democratic and Republican members of Congress submerged their differences and joined hands, not quarreling over credit. 
Moreover, I believe that a vital part of the learning comes from the mixing. 
NYT-10-19-98 1810EDT &QL; 
At 8:30, Fitzpatrick and her girls kneel under a homemade time line that notes both Moses and William Tell, and recite the Lord's Prayer. 
They take karate on Monday afternoons with 30 other students and roller skate on Fridays. 
They characterize technology as a tool that makes it possible to offer advanced classes to the growing number of home schoolers of high school age and as a way to draw school-based students to home schooling. 
Yes, I could be doing these things, but if the objective is to have kids with characters and have a good education, there are many routes to reach it. 
She preferred to be naturally inspired and did not like ``learning in such a formal way,'' she said. 
And in the four years since his election, he has done just that, with considerable success. 
She said her sons will sometimes concentrate on one to three subjects for two to three months in a row. 
How do they make that transition? 
About 30,000 to 35,000 live in Missouri, and 15,000 to 17,500 in Kansas. 
So, when it came to selecting the best school for their boys, the Dorchester couple _ she an attorney with a Harvard law degree, he a computer expert with a master's and doctorate from MIT _ took the same care. 
``For black people in this country, there is a need for not letting our kids forget their history,'' saidAlan Shaw, whose sons are 3, 6, and 7. ``We shouldn't look to something that's been designed by the state as a way for us to teach our kids about their past and their future.'' Fueled by a desire to rescue their children from academic failure and neglect at the hands of overburdened public schools and determined to weave tight-knit families, more African-Americans and other minorities nationwide are deciding that when it comes to school, there's no place like home. 
And even in southwest Kansas, where the harvest was more bountiful, many farmers are opting to sell at low prices rather than store their crops. 	
''Part of our mission is to increase public awareness,'' said Nancy Smith, co-chairwoman of the Pest Management Board, which was formed to help guide the city away from its chemical dependency. 
Now there is finally one reason to like them,'' he says. 
At 16, he was picking melons in Arizona. 
The lygus injects a poisonous substance into the seeds on the skin of strawberries, causing the seeds to die and making for misshapen berries. 
Cut the warm shortcakes in half. 
Drizzle with a little kirsch. 
It keeps populations down and soothes gardeners, who if they have potato beetles, also have frustrations and aggressions that need release. 
The book is a hit. 
This book takes readers back to the time when a stick and a bug meant hours of summertime entertainment. 
Nearly 57 percent of single women now own their own homes, throwing cold dishwater on the accepted wisdom that homes are the exclusive territory of couples with children. 
(Librado Romero/New York Times) (NYT28) NEW YORK -- Oct. 20, 1999 -- ADV. FOR SUN., OCT. 
``From the beginning, I had never really intended to do horror,'' says Craven, whose new movie, ``Music of the Heart,'' which opens Friday and stars Meryl Streep as a music teacher in East Harlem, has heart and grit and genuine warmth. 
(NYT26) NEW YORK -- Oct. 20, 1999 -- BOOK-TALK, 10-20 -- Norman Laurilla, owner of A Different Light bookstore in Chelsea. 
Holder and Adams defended their work in investigating jailed members of the Puerto Rican nationalist group FALN, who were released from prison recently following a controvertial pardon by President Clinton. 
In less than four decades, the museum has evolved from an improbable fantasy into a world-class institution whose collection now consists of some 500,000 objects - roughly five times that of the National Gallery of Art in Washington. 
I felt that a new country needed a new art museum,'' Kollek says, recalling the museum's chaotic origins. 
``But then, after some years with very low prices, they realized that his production was much more stable in an economic perspective, because he had a sustainable price.'' Mexico, Central America and the rest of the world are joining the growing international trend of certified organic. 
But even those who have parted ways over differences of opinion admire what he is trying to do. 
Thatch is the dead, dying and decaying organic matter, mostly old turf stems, that accumulates in a layer just above the soil. 
''I don't use the word breakthrough lightly, but that is what this (test) looks like to me,'' said Dr. John Harris, chief of the program. 
Because human babies also pass through predictable stages of development, he theorized that defects in the brain might be reflected in early movements. 
Evan laughs. 
Advocates for people with autism are glad to see the increased focus on intervention in a population that can't speak for themselves. 
``But they are treatable and educable.'' NYT-11-15-99 1950EST &QL; 
Although the debate surrounding viruses continues, there is some definitive evidence that outside agents can cause autism. 
He has an obsession with rectangles, especially videotape boxes. 
Those findings prompted a group of investors in Ashville, N.C. to sponsor a formal clinical trial. 
Ms. Beck's son, Parker, was given an injection to explore the cause of his chronic diarrhea. 
&QL; &QC; Evan's day begins with a ritual to reinforce that he's part of this world. 
He wiggles down into his parents' dark green comforter. 
Evan doesn't like things near his face, so he can stand to have only half of his teeth brushed at a time. 
It does no good to scold him; words ricochet off. 
``Could this drug actually help them?'' she wonders, for the thousandth time. 
But when they are asked to make a conscious decision about changing attention, a task that activates their frontal lobes, they can no longer to do the task, presumably because a larger circuit is engaged. 
A: Current research links autism to biological or neurological differences in the brain, but no specific cause. 
Q: Should parents shelter their children once it is determined they have autism? 
After that, she says, ``It almost falls off the face of the research charts, but it never leaves the sphere of the family.'' Many families surveyed by Seltzer and her colleagues think their autistic children lack essential services. 
There are now 45 million Generation Xers, born between 1965 and 1977. 
With their incomes stagnant or shrinking, many older Americans are getting angry with their children. 
They resent seeing younger generations buying bigger homes and cars. 
A jealous 69-year-old parent wrote: ``My first home had 1,200 square feet. 
In the 1950s, the combined payroll tax for Social Security, paid by both workers and their employers, was just 6 percent. 
Story Filed By Cox Newspapers For Use By Clients of the New York Times News Service NYT-01-11-99 1024EST &QL; 
Gearan in the past month was in Africa and Latin America with Clinton. 
They point out that the political system is a back-scratching affair between voters and candidates. 
Accustomed to helping their families make decisions about buying computers and such, they expect a place at the corporate table when decisions are made that affect them. 
The Wine Institute, a trade group based in San Francisco, provided $10,000 in seed money to launch the Wine Brats. 
So instead of putting their names on a building, they want something else: Results. 
They decided to create a child-safety program. 
Still, the average fund the community foundation manages is $500,000. 
``My first interest started with Ronald Reagan . 
GEN X FINDS SOMEBODY (OR SOMETHING) TO LOVE (For release July 26, 2000.) ATTENTION EDITORS: This article is for use by clients of The New York Times Syndicate's TRENDS-NEXTGEN column. 
w2305 &Cx1f; wstm- Police fire tear gas to disperse rowdy holiday crowd in Quebec Eds: ADDS four grafs with police action during parade in Montreal 	 QUEBEC (AP) _ Police fired tear gas at rowdy young people Wednesday after being pelted with rocks and bottles, the second year in a row force was needed to disperse unruly crowds on Quebec's provincial holiday. 	 
Charest has stressed two themes in his campaign _ that the threat of another secession referendum is undermining Quebec's economy and that Bouchard's budget-cutting to erase a deficit has ravaged the public health care system. 	 
&QL; NYT-08-20-98 1833EDT &QL; 
QUEBEC'S INDEPENDENCE MOVEMENT ON THE LINE (ART ADV: Locator map is being sent to NYT graphics clients. 
By ANTHONY DePALMA c.1998 N.Y. 
``This is a campaign, period,'' he said. 
And in the best sense of the word, it's democracy at work, and we are going to win.'' Bouchard, bolstered by the polls, has assumed an air of confidence. 
Separatists do not find much support here. 
More of them tend to be apartment dwellers, more of them rent their homes rather than own them and more of them rely on electric heat than anywhere else in the country, in part because Quebec produces more hydroelectric power than any other Canadian province. 
``It has to do with the way Quebecers see their country and that's the basic difference.'' Keep in mind that this is a province where every automobile license plate bears the fighting words ``Je me souviens'' _ `I remember' _ and where many people have trouble thinking of Quebec as just another province like tiny Prince Edward Island. Quebec is, they insist, usually invoking the history of New France in North America, a founding partner in the very concept of the nation. 
OPTIONAL MATERIAL FOLLOWS) ``Le Petite Vie'' began as a proposed 15-minute filler sketch before the Saturday night hockey game on the French service of CBC five years ago. 
``Mr. Charest seems too comfortable with Canada. 
Bouchard, who was practically canonized here after losing a leg to flesh-eating disease in 1994, did not run an unassailable campaign. 
``There were no people yelling slogans in the street or things like that,'' said Gilles Paquet, director of the Center on Governance at the University of Ottawa. 
And when Quebec's premier, Lucien Bouchard, vowed that within a few years Quebecers would vote to break away from the nine other provinces, no one could dismiss the vision. 
``Bouchard's demoralized troops crave nothing more than a move that could rekindle nationalist passions.'' Chretien's efforts _ which have divided his Cabinet, with some ministers quietly warning that the current course makes no political sense _ have mostly succeeded in appalling Quebecers of all ideological stripes. 
But in his speech to cheering supporters Monday night, Bouchard only briefly mentioned the referendum issue, while dwelling on good government and attacks on Canada's federal government. 
The report, commissioned by the Thomas B. Fordham Foundation and released Tuesday at the American Association for the Advancement of Science, grades 49 states and the District of Columbia on the basis of how well evolution is included in the state science education standards. 
''All we did was allow local groups to decide how they wanted to teach evolution,'' she said. 
`` `I do not care if you believe what I am saying, but you will learn.' '' But some teachers are more intimidated by the disclaimer. 
Linda Holloway, a conservative from Shawnee, Kan., is chairwoman this year; Harold Roth, a moderate from Haven, Kan., will be chairman in 2000. 
The board that will take up the standards on Wednesday is divided along ideological lines, with five moderate members and five conservatives. 
The standards, written by a state committee of science teachers and university professors, would determine what Kansas schoolchildren learn and are tested on. 
Lutes said those guidelines ``represent, in our opinion, a consensus of what is right for science education.'' Before arriving at the state board for discussion, the proposed Kansas standards had been through eight public hearings and were reviewed by the Council for Basic Education, based in Washington. 
``These are some of the most extensive changes I have seen,'' she said. 
``Reputations are hard to earn and easy to shatter,'' Wagnon said. 
``I admire her dedication,'' said Ken Ham, executive director of the creationist organization Answers in Genesis, based in Kentucky. 
- Earth's magnetic field has been decaying rapidly, which creationists say points to an age younger than 10,000 years. 
But her brother told her there was overwhelming evidence against evolution. 
Cloning, gene therapy, genetic engineering - where does it stop? 
SCIENCE: IT'S NOT JUST EVOLUTION ANYMORE By PAM BELLUCK c.2000 N.Y. 
The exercises follow President Boris Yeltsin's recent overtures of support for Chechnya's government and his decision to have Prime Minister Sergei Kiriyenko resume negotiations with the president of the secessionist republic. 	 
The military maneuvers, which run until Friday, are designed to tighten coordination between various forces to fight terrorist attacks, free hostages, and combat smuggling _ exactly the sort of incidents on the rise in Russia's fringe republics. 	 
In that period, many bitter problems have accumulated that can be destroyed only by the leaders of Russia and Chechnya.'' 	 Four top Russian politicians demanded on Monday that Russia clarify its stance on Chechnya in light of increased violence in the region, including the hostage-taking of Russia's presidential envoy to Chechnya, Valentin Vlasov, almost three months ago. 	 
The shelling was the latest development in a conflict that began this summer, when Chechnya-based Islamic militants invaded neighboring Dagestan twice with the aim of setting up an Islamic state. 
	GROZNY, Russia (AP) -- Russian forces pounded Chechen positions with an artillery barrage on several fronts today, and Russian authorities said they suspect Chechen militants will soon try to launch terrorist attacks. 	
Both the Russians and the Chechens have been fortifying fixed positions in recent days, but neither side has launched any major offensives. 	
	GROZNY, Russia (AP) -- Russia opened several border crossings today with Chechnya, officials said, allowing terrified refugees to flee Russian air and rocket attacks after they had been blocked from leaving for days. 	
Russian jets bombed a spring overnight near the village of Chernorechiye, killing 10 civilians, said Ruslan Magomedov, an aide to Chechen President Aslan Maskhadov. 	
``Combat operations in Chechnya are already under &UR; &LR; way,'' Putin said in St. Petersburg. 
The federal forces have fully seized the military initiative, Kazantsev said. 
As the federal campaign against rebels continues, more refugees are flowing from Chechnya to other Russian regions nearby. 
In Grozny, Chechen leader Aslan Maskhadov claimed Sunday that the Russian military conceal their losses in Chechnya. 
Meanwhile, federal forces continued to prepare weapons and equipment for combat use and were taking measures to improve coordination between units, the Interfax news agency quoted the ministry's press service as saying. 
A travel ban was imposed from Friday through Monday to ward off possible rebel threats to stage terrorist attacks and sabotage. 
Russian official figures put total federal losses at more than 2,300 since troops repelled an incursion by Chechen rebels into the neighboring republic of Dagestan last August, ahead of the full-scale military campaign. 
MOSCOW, July 5 (Xinhua) -- By Wednesday, Russia have detained more than 200 people in Chechnya and its neighboring republic of Dagestan on suspicions of involving in the terrorist blasts Sunday night, which caused over 100 person casualties to Russian troops. 
"There will be no parallels with the 1994-1996 Chechen war, there will be no repeat of that tragedy," Manilov said. 
MOSCOW, July 20 (Xinhua) -- The Russian combined federal force in the breakaway republic of Chechnya has seen 25 people killed and 74 wounded in the past week, a top defense official said Thursday. 
The National Transportation Safety Board estimated that 70 percent of the aircraft, including one engine, and sections of the wings, tail and body, was recovered. 
But they do not single out a particular cause of the crash and do not include any analysis. 
``The tape has data on it, and NTSB engineers are currently working to extract information.'' The recovery of the box, and the condition of its contents, appears to have provided the first breaks in what has been a frustrating case. 
Even so, the 767 did dive much faster than it would have in an emergency. 
Centrifugal force during the turn presses passengers into their seats. 
Experts said many of the details released Friday might reflect an airplane that was in an emergency, but still under control. 
We have even seen his Cairo apartment, and heard his wife describe their close relationship. 
If he is the culprit, al-Batouti will be an infamous one _ not another shadowy killer who goes down with the plane or somehow slips into Afghanistan. 
The disclosure comes just a couple days after the chairman of EgyptAir told a news conference in Cairo that ``something happened'' to the tail of the Boeing 767 that caused it to go into a near supersonic dive before the plane broke up and crashed into the sea. 
It said the planes should have enough cameras in each cockpit to see all the cockpit screens and other displays, and all actions by the crews in working the controls Pilot unions oppose cameras as a violation of their workplace privacy. 
0:29 CO-PILOT I rely on God. 0:28 CO-PILOT I rely on God. 
All 217 people on board were killed. 
If there is evidence of a crime in the plane crash, the investigation authority will be shifted to the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) under U.S. rules. 
Murad joined Egyptian investigators in demanding the release of classified data regarding three high-speed radar images passing near EgyptAir Flight 990 just before it began its dive into the Atlantic. 
Murad further demanded that Egypt receive the plane's wreck and the two black boxes, recording flight and voice data, for re- examination, the pro-government newspaper said. 
?
?
Drugs and insecticides have made it rare in developed countries, but it is almost impossible to escape in tropical, developing nations. 
People who become ill with a fever during or after tropical travel should see a doctor and make sure to mention the trip, the FDA advised. 
In four clinical trials in Africa, two out of 279 people who used Malarone for three months developed malaria. 
In addition, outside of endemic areas, doctors often fail to recognize the symptoms of malaria and thus do not make the correct diagnosis or treat the disease properly or quickly enough to cure it. 
The first symptoms appear about 10 to 35 days later when the liver cells burst and the spores enter the blood stream, causing intense chills and sweating with high fever. 
It is extremely effective but expensive _ about $7 a tablet _ so for a two-week trip the cost is about $50. 
The new drive against malaria is the first big project undertaken by the World Health Organization's new director general, Dr. Gro Harlem Brundtland, a former prime minister of Norway and a public health specialist. 
In the United States, according to Dr. Mary Wilson's reference work, ``A World Guide to Infections'' (Oxford), 90 percent of the cases occur in children under age 10, who are then usually immune for life. 
``The pretravel clinic visit,'' Dr. Jong said, ``is an opportunity to immunize susceptible healthy travelers against chickenpox, which could cause illness and exclusion from travel before, during or after the trip, and protects the residents in receiving countries against imported infection.'' For adults, the vaccine requires two injections. 
At the same time, the assembly requests the World Health Organization (WHO) to continue working closely with the OAU to coordinate efforts aimed at the eradication of malaria from the African continent and to increase its level of support in that respect. 
It is estimated that 300 to 500 million clinical cases and 1.5 to 2.7 million deaths occur due to malaria each year, about twice as many as 20 years ago, according to papers presented at the third Pan-African Conference on Malaria which ended here Wednesday. 
Currently the number of countries and regions suffering from the disease reaches 100, said a press release issued by the conference. 
Rapidly increased drug resistance is leaving populations with no effective drug for prevention against or treatment of the eighth lethal killer in the world -- the top one in Africa -- the experts noted. 
Drug combinations for multi-drug resistance malaria and vaccines against malaria are being developed at the global level while insecticide-treated mosqui nets and curtains have emerged in recent years as a promising tool to prevent malaria disease. 
LAGOS, August 4 (Xinhua) -- A recent research study in Nigeria has shown that children under six months old could suffer from malaria, a situation which was previously considered unimaginable. 
Statistics show that more than 80 percent of the population of sub- Saharan Africa are at risk of malaria. 
Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo will chair the summit which is being co-organized by WHO. 
The result: a dry-as-dust constitutional debate about states rights rather than a potentially emotional confrontation over the hot-button issue of gay rights. 
And Miller says that ``Massachusetts is a special case; the political atmosphere here is more open. 
``In a race where you are going to be attacked as an extremist, it's an inoculating thing to have a good record on gay and lesbian issues,'' said Rich Tafel, executive director of the Log Cabin Republicans, a group representing gay Republicans. 
``It's hard to call you a extremist when you are a lead co-sponsor on a nondiscrimination bill for gays and lesbians.'' D'Amato is a co-sponsor of legislation that would prohibit employment discrimination based on sexual preferences. 
Many Democrats contend D'Amato's shifting views on gay rights fit a pattern of his taking moderate positions near election time. 
He said the leaflet didn't mention that he was gay because it is already well-known. 
We simply do not screen based on sexual preference or sexual orientation,'' said Marla Sheely, spokeswoman for the Texas Department of Protective and Regulatory Services, the umbrella agency for CPS. 
Buchanan and other conservative candidates have not changed their views, and even Bush, McCain and Mrs. Dole have not embraced a broader gay agenda that also includes adoptions by gays and a less punitive approach toward gays in the military. 
Pat Ewing, a senior adviser at the Democratic National Committee, said of Bush: ``He is purposefully vague, not moderate. 
In Congress, where Republicans like Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott of Mississippi, have solid fundamentalist voter bases back home, mean-spirited talk about homosexuals has continued. 
Maxey said the governor told him his stance on the gay adoption bill had nothing to do with his view of Maxey, whom he ``valued as a person.'' Based on that talk, Maxey believes that Bush is a lot more tolerant of gays than his record might indicate. 
Kevin Ivers, a spokesman for the national Log Cabin Republicans, said Bush should be well aware of the importance of creating a tolerant image for the GOP in the general election. 
Log Cabin Republicans favor ``full equality'' for gays, including granting the legal protections of marriage to same-sex couples. 
Bush has voiced opposition to sanctioning gay marriages. 
Bush's foray into gay issues also comes as some conservative groups are angered over the Vermont Legislature's approval this week of marriage-like ``gay unions,'' and shortly before Sunday's ``Millennium March'' in Washington that is expected to attract 300,000 supporters of gay rights. 
Representatives of the Traditional Values Coalition and the Family Research Council, both conservative bastions of opposition to gay rights, met Tuesday with Wisconsin Gov. Tommy Thompson, chairman of the GOP committee that gathers in Philadelphia later this week to hash out they party's platform. 
Republicans attending the convention then vote on the platform on Monday. 
A Bush spokesman said the Congressman's sexual orientation ``is not a factor.'' ``We're pleased that he'll be talking about the importance of free trade and opening markets to American products and producers,'' said Bush campaign spokesman Scott McClellan. 
In the Senate, Richard Durbin, D-Ill., and John Chafee, R-R.I., will make another run at the Child Access Prevention bill. 
William Modzeleski, the Education Department's safe schools chief, said schools have used federal and state money to identify and treat students who need mental health services. 
And others, including the New York City school district, are considering it as a means to get a handle on the problem of school violence. 	
But the school itself is on alert, with 24-hour police patrols and special badges for anyone wanting to get in. 
''I have learned to accept that I cannot guarantee the safety of all of our children,'' Hammond said in a keynote address. 
``If something should happen, they will know the layout and be ready.'' The Kent district has also increased the money it spends training security officers, including requiring them to attend a two-week academy annually, and has boosted salaries to ensure top-quality staff, Shimensky said. 
In the month since the massacre at Columbine High School in Littleton, Colo., a sense of foreboding has enveloped schools across the country. 
There's a feeling among some people that they were always out there, and were just waiting for a psychological release like Columbine so they could carry out their plans,'' said Peter Blauvelt, president of the National Alliance for Safe Schools in College Park, Md. 
Lately the troubled boy's grades and his relationship with his parents were suffering, and he had told several fellow students he carried a handgun. 
Deeter said he screamed at him: ``What are you doing?!'' ``When he was shooting, it was as though he was looking right through people,'' Jason Cheek and Brian Barnhardt were shot in the buttocks. 
But at a hearing on Thursday, the House panel first will ask why Clinton's Justice Department isn't prosecuting more cases. 
I don't think any of us in this country want to see our schools become institutions surrounded by concrete walls and concertina wire.'' The education department report released Tuesday showed: _ The majority of those expelled in the 1997-98 school year _ 62 percent _ were expelled for handguns. 
At St. Genevieve, the goal is to make the school experience inclusive for all students by ``fortifying their hearts'' and creating a campus that values every student, Horn said. 
Horn, who believes in the therapeutic effects of animals on humans, brings his dog, Blue, to school with him every day. 
Shamrock and other schools, in addition to employing the ``hardware approach,'' also have launched a new strategy to make schools both safer and happier in the long run: what might be called the human approach. 
Warning signs and surveillance cameras are widely used locally, and while they may well be helping to limit violence, they also add an oppressive air to schools. 
Even without hard data, some school security experts and students said that since the Littleton shootings, they have observed several useful trends on the local level. 
w1046 &Cx1f; wstm- Police arrest three alleged 14K members, HONGKONG STANDARD Police arrest three alleged 14K members, HONGKONG STANDARD &QL; June 08, 1998 HONGKONG STANDARD HONG KONG ENGLISH Harald BruningASIA WorldSources, Inc. 201 PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE, S.E., 2nd Floor 
He did not say which media organizations made the reports. 	 
More than 160 million Hong Kong dollars are restrained under the order. 	 
Officials at China's Xinhua news agency in Macau also expressed shock and anger. 
The Macau Journalists' Union issued a strong statement criticizing the violence, saying it was intended to injure the police and seriously damaged Macau's image. 	 
Charges against the reputed gangsters center around the killing of a mainland Chinese businessman and a Hong Kong resident, armed robberies, smuggling explosives into Hong Kong, and the kidnapping of the two Hong Kong businessmen for more than 1.6 billion Hong Kong dollars (U.S. dlrs 205 million) in ransom. 	 
Prosecutors also accused the defendants of kidnapping a merchant from Fujian, China, for a 4 million Chinese yuan ransom (U.S. dlrs 48,300). 	 
Ming Pao quoted Cheung as saying. 
Hong Kong officials had been working with their mainland counterparts on an agreement covering the transfer of fugitives, mutual judicial cooperation in criminal cases and the return of persons jailed abroad to serve sentences in local prisons, the paper reported. 	 
The Post said the Hong Kong-China talks took place before the trial of Cheung, known by his alias ``Big Spender.'' Cheung's trial was the first such high-profile cross-border case to be heard since Hong Kong reverted from British rule to China last year. 	 
He had served 18 months in prison, apparently leaving him with such serious grievances against the prison authorities that his gang was suspected when a bulldozer suddenly demolished a prison guard house one night. 
``The police here are fighting a very particular type of organized crime,'' said Jorge Rangel, Macau's secretary for public administration. 
The first judge in the trial resigned, so the government drafted Estrela from Portugal. 
Police in northeast China's Liaoning Province arrested a person who had killed and wounded three victims and been at large for ten years. 
Over 600 escapees had given themselves up in central China's Henan Province, by May 6, and the number for Hunan Province stood at 490. 
The five criminals were sentenced to death for committing such serious crimes as hooliganism, killing, theft and harming individuals. 
It will be the focus of the crackdown against crimes in the next stage," Liu said. 
China has revised the Criminal Law and Criminal Procedure Law, promulgated and enforced new laws such as the Lawyers' Law and the Law on Administrative Punishment to strengthen the judicial guarantee for human rights during that period of time, the paper says. 
Some middle and high-level officials have been involved in many of the country's white collar criminal cases, it said. 
In the most serious cases, infection can result in encephalitis, or swelling of the brain. 
Officials at Saratoga Race Course that draws thousands of people a day during its 36-day race meet, said they routinely spray for mosquitoes and flies drawn to the track's well-watered grass and manure piles. 
Another outbreak could occur anywhere there are enough infected birds, possibly this summer. 
Horses throughout the state will be tested. 
&QL; A WEST NILE VIRUS Q AND A &QL; Q. What is West Nile encephalitis? 
It was breathing. 
But they do know this: the local population of the Culex pipiens mosquito, the primary carrier of West Nile virus, is in the midst of its annual explosion. 
It also killed an elderly couple and hundreds of geese in Israel. 
&QL; ------ &QC; Ralph Timperi was used to examining sick birds by last Monday when specimen No. ZL00036 landed in his lab in Boston. 
Mayor Rudolph Giuliani announced on Wednesday that health officials had confirmed 15 additional infected birds, two in Manhattan and 13 on Staten Island. 
Given the finding of the infected bird in Central Park and growing signs of resurgent mosquito populations there and in Alley Pond Park in Queens, Giuliani also announced that the city would respray the two parks, both of which were treated with pesticides late last month. 
Dr. Neal L. Cohen said that city officials were working intensely to try to ensure that any human cases were identified. 
``I'm sure we'll eventually find infected mosquitoes.'' In 1999 the virus killed 7 elderly people in Queens, N.Y., and sickened 60. 
``When something looks random like that, people worry that even the good guys can get it,'' Geller said. 
Said Batchelor: ``I kept thinking, `What if the mosquito already bit me?' '' NYT-08-23-00 1334EDT &QL; 
	 BANGKOK, Thailand (AP) _ Police in Thailand have announced they will start enforcing a law banning smoking in public places, Thai newspapers reported Wednesday. 	 
The planned law, one of the toughest in the world, bans all tobacco advertising. 	 
ANC lawmaker Kader Asmal evoked laughter when he spoke in support of the bill, saying it didn't ban smoking altogether but just ``privatized pleasure.'' 	 Asmal smoked for 50 years until giving up under a doctor's orders earlier this year. 	 
(ph-aos) ) AP-NY-11-04-98 1324EST 
An edition of sex magazine Hustler had its sales restricted after printing a picture of Zuma's face and urging readers to urinate on it. 
All public areas, air conditioned shopping centers and shops, offices, schools, private clubs, taxis, buses and public toilets in Singapore are designated smoke-free. 
If approved by the government after public hearings and other steps in the regulatory process, the warnings would be the first anywhere to include graphic photos of diseased organs, according to Cynthia Callard of Physicians for a Smoke-Free Canada. 	 
The case is pending. 	 
Lawmakers can introduce the bills again during the current two-year session. 	 
He said that since his group's study examined statistics for the months just before and after the law took effect, it could isolate more fairly the ``cataclysmic'' influence of the smoking ban on business. 
Several researchers said the next step would be a dual effort: to pass laws like the city's in other counties, and to extend the city law to bars, both those within restaurants and free-standing ones. 
More often than not, the sales drops markedly afterwards," an STMB official said. 
The supporters include 93.1 percent male and 98.5 percent female of those polled. 
Activities to publicize the knowledge that smoking is hazardous to health and keeping youngsters away from cigarettes were also conducted in busy commercial districts in the Chinese capital today. 
The seminar was held to mark the International Anti-Smoking Day. 
Mohammad Ali Khan, who represents the World Health Organization at the seminar, said that Jordan has also found common grounds with other Middle East countries in the fact that the majority of its youths have slid into smoking. 
Owners, managers and designated "smoke-busters" who fail to apply the norms are also subject to fines though the cabinet Friday agreed to reduce the penalty. 
Johnston said that the case had had a severe impact on police relations with London-based black Britons, saying that the inability to solve the case had been ``a tragedy for the Metropolitan Police who have lost the confidence of a significant section of the community for the way we have handled the case.'' 	 (rs) 	 ) AP-NY-06-17-98 1543EDT 
The report, which surprised leaders of Britain's non-white communities with its sweep and bluntness, makes 70 recommendations for changes in police practices and social habits ``designed to usher in a fundamental transformation of Britain's race relations.'' Sir William Macpherson, a retired High Court justice who was the author of the report and chairman of the eight-month government inquiry, defined institutional racism as ``the collective failure of an organization to provide an appropriate professional service to people because of their color, culture or ethnic origin'' reflected, he said, in ``processes, attitudes and behavior which amounts to discrimination through unwitting prejudice, ignorance, thoughtlessness and racist stereotyping.'' His report said, ``There must be an unequivocal acceptance of the problem of institutionalized racism and its nature'' and that ``any chief police officer who feels unable to respond will find it extremely difficult to work in harmony and cooperate with the community in the way that policing by consent demands.'' Among the recommendations were measures making individual officers liable for legal judgments of up to $800,000 for racist behavior, giving the Commission for Racial Equality statutory power to investigate the police, making racist language even in private conversations criminally punishable, changing the national schools curriculum to emphasize cultural diversity and improve race awareness and empowering the Court of Appeal to allow acquitted defendants to be tried anew if compelling new evidence comes to light. 
The judicial recommendation, in effect eliminating protection against ``double jeopardy,'' addresses the case that gave rise to the report, the 1993 killing of Stephen Lawrence, an 18-year-old Londoner of Jamaican parentage, by five white youths with a history of race baiting. 
Three of the suspects were acquitted in 1996 in a widely faulted prosecution and cannot be tried again despite the subsequent emergence of a video tape in which they assailed blacks and demonstrated knifing techniques that bore chilling resemblances to the way Lawrence was killed. 
On that April night in 1993, the 18 year old was neatly dressed and well-groomed as he waited for a bus to take him the last leg home to his prim middle class London suburb. 
People knew him as courteous, intelligent and sociable. 
On Wednesday, Home Secretary Jack Straw stood solemnly in Parliament to report the findings. 
Posters and T-shirts bearing his likeness are common in London. 
``They are saying that the police prejudice shown in Stephen's case has been going on for a long time.'' Peter Herbert, chairman of the Society of Black Lawyers, believes the Lawrence case will leave an indelible mark. 
Times News Service LONDON _ Which new play has provoked the most attention in the British theater so far this year? 
NYT-03-11-99 0209EST &QL; 
No one has been convicted of the killing, according to BBC report. 
LONDON, July 7 (Xinhua) -- British Health Secretary Frank Dobson vowed Wednesday to keep racism out of the health service after reports that human organs had been donated on condition they were given to white patients. 
The reports cast a new cloud over race relations in Britain, already strained after the police force was found to be racist following its bungled investigation into the 1993 murder of black youth Stephen Lawrence. 
"If it is necessary to introduce a rule, we'll introduce it." 
LONDON, September 7 (Xinhua) -- The Prince of Wales Thursday launched a scholarship to try to open up architecture to the ethnic minorities, in memory of the murdered black teenager Stephen Lawrence. 
The prince expressed his "deepest sympathy" to Stephen's parents who were present at the first Stephen Lawrence memorial lecture in London. 
He said some of the risk factors are preventable. 
The money will be used for the research and control of infectious diseases project which will focus on research on HIV/AIDS, acute respiratory infections and viral hepatitis. 
The visiting WHO official said that about 70 percent of people in Africa are afflicted by the four diseases, the local "Kenya Times" reported today. 
John Ouma, head of the Division of Vector Borne Diseases at the Health Ministry, was quoted as saying that a recent study in malaria-affected areas revealed "more than 50 percent total clinical failure after chloroquin drugs were used on patients." 
Since April, one of the worst highland malaria in recent years broke out mainly in Rift Valley and Nyanza provinces, western Kenya, leading to a death toll of 333 people. 
The children die mainly of malaria, diarrhoea, vomiting and malnutrition, J. Mati, Executive Director of the Institute of Reproductive Health and Research, was quoted as saying. 
He noted that about 200 million children under the age of five in developing countries are malnourished and incapable of fighting diseases. 
The lake, which burst its banks last week for the first time in three decades, has affected the entire shoreline in Busia, Siaya, Bondo, Kisumu, Nyando, Rachuonyo, Homa bay and Suba districts. 
The Unitd Nations Children's Fund representative to Kenya, Chrispin Wilson, said his organization had declared war on AIDS and it was time the church in Kenya joined in to save its congregation from the scourge, the East African Standard reported Monday. 
Wilson noted that if Kenyans could reduce sexually transmitted diseases, AIDS could be reduced by at least 40 percent in the eastern African country. 
NAIROBI, March 9 (Xinhua) -- AIDS is expected to reduce Kenya's gross domestic product (GDP) by 14.5 percent by the year 2005, according to a latest analysis released by the Ministry of Planning and National Development of Kenya available hereTuesday. 
The government also introduced a "fumigation certificate" on used shoes, as the ban on the importation of used inner garments became effective on June 30. 
Inner garments include under wears, socks and vests. 
It has established that the used items were causing diseases ranging from leprosy, anthrax and other fungal diseases, Okundi said. 
The vice-president said there is also a rise in mother-child transmission of HIV in Kenya, with 30 to 40 percent of the children born to the mothers with HIV being infected with the AIDS virus during breast feeding. 
The reviewed act will create an enabling and conducive environment in the fight against the killing disease, Kenyan Minister of Public Health Sam Onger Monday told a sub-regional meeting of the United Nations Theme Groups on International Partnership against HIV/AIDS in Africa. 
He said that the government has stocked enough anti-malaria drugs in all health facilities in the country to manage any outbreak in the malaria prone areas. 
NAIROBI, May 5 (Xinhua) -- Kenyan Health Ministry has warned that an upsurge in malaria cases is likely to happen in west Kenya due to the impending rainy season, the East African Standard daily reported on Friday. 
On Aug. 7, Bushnell, Trade Minister Joseph Kimotho and others had just ended a news conference in a building adjacent to the embassy. 
Immigration Department spokesman Herbert Chilambo said Thursday that five Iraqis, five Sudanese, two Libyans, one Turk and another person whose nationality was not given were handed over by police to immigration authorities on Aug. 27 for expulsion. 	 
The blast at the U.S. Embassy killed 11 people, all of them Tanzanians or other Africans. 	 
	 NAIROBI, Kenya (AP) _ FBI agents have returned to a white two-story house in a new development on the outskirts of Nairobi believed to be the one rented by a suspect in the U.S. Embassy bombing in Kenya that killed 248 people, the new tenants said Saturday. 	 
In an almost simultaneous blast Aug. 7, another bomb killed 11 people, all Africans, at the U.S. Embassy in neighboring Tanzania. 	 
(gw/sl)	 ) AP-NY-09-26-98 0827EDT 
Police Commissioner Robert Manumba. 	 
Hemed appeared to be in his mid-20s, Ahmed in his late 30s. 	 
Rugazia set the next hearing for Oct. 19. 	 
The FBI has linked bin Laden and Al Qaeda to both bombings. 	 
But investigators say he has denied having any information on or involvement in the Dar es Salaam bombing. 	 
But for lack of evidence, the United States has never issued an arrest warrant for him. 
Times News Service NEW YORK _ Federal prosecutors charged Wednesday that the American Embassy in Tanzania was attacked by at least six men who detonated a bomb packed with car batteries and oxygen tanks, apparently to enhance the lethal force of the explosion. 
``Today's charges reaffirm the mutual and unrelenting resolve of Tanzania and Kenya and American authorities to find, apprehend and prosecute every single person who participated in the murderous terrorist bombings in East Africa,'' Mary Jo White, the U.S. attorney in Manhattan, said at a news conference. 
In addition to Fadhil, the other four men charged Wednesday were two Tanzanians, Khalfan Khamis Mohamed and Ahmed Khalfan Ghailani, each 24, and two Kenyans, Fahid Mohammed Ally Msalam, 22, and Sheikh Ahmed Salim Swedan, 29. 
NAIROBI, August 21 (Xinhua) -- The man who hurled a grenade at security guards at the U.S. Embassy in Nairobi seconds before the deadly bomb exploded on August 7 has been positively identified as two more people arrested, Kenya's national newspapers said Friday. 
The first suspect, Khalid Salim, was flown by the FBI to New York, the officials said. 
According to parliamentary estimates, there are about 80 foreign adoption agencies, mostly American, currently operating in Russia, usually through Russian intermediaries. 	 
And many would-be parents worry about the lingering effects of the abuse or neglect that landed the child in state custody, and the possibility of the biological family's reappearance. 
Like most adopted children, Sasha used the term that has replaced such loaded phrases as ``real mother'' and ``natural mother.'' 
It is an imbalance that professionals in the adoption world are calling a crisis, allowing money to play a defining role in determining who will succeed in this desperate quest for that which cannot be legally bought or sold. 
The Adoptive Families of America's current ``Guide to Adoption'' contains ads for 35 agencies, 33 of which advertise foreign programs. 
Christie, whose wife is white, has 26 years of living in Vermont to teach him how to survive in an all-white environment. 
Jennifer Goodbody, head of the Russian adoption section of Spence-Chapin in New York -- one of the nation's largest adoption agencies -- said Putin's changes could have ripple effects. 
The Hague Convention was completed in May 1993. 
Last year, 16,396 adoptees came to this country from abroad, more than double the number of just a decade earlier. 
He approved Lisa and Tim Stamatis of Burlington, who had received high marks for their rearing of five special-needs children they had already adopted. 
After he was adopted and brought to America, some of his memories were edged out by new experiences: Catholic school and the track team, bacon and eggs. 
Bertha Marian Holt was born on Feb. 5, 1904, in Des Moines. 
In 1996, she set the world record for the 400 meter race in the over-90 age group at the Hayward Classic in Eugene. 
"It should be noted, however, that over the last four-five years the Chinese government has developed a very successful international adoption program, allowing about 5,000 children to be adopted abroad," it added. 
Donna Taylor and Belinda Durham at Catholic Charities said in their fax that "we have been very upset by the recent news and TV coverage about Chinese orphanages." 
She said her adoption agency, China's Children, allowed her and her husband to look through a notebook in the past month, "full of beautiful, smiling, happy and well cared for Chinese children who are waiting to be adopted." 
?
?
On the flip side is the possibility raised by Ritalin's many defendants - that millions of children are part of the first generation of humans to have a medicine that allows them to focus and succeed, both in the classroom and the schoolyard, the microcosms of the professional world and society. 
Until 11th grade, when he was diagnosed with dyslexia and ADD and prescribed a cocktail of the stimulant Adderall and the anti-depressant Welbutrin, Lippman was miserable. 
A similar suit against the East Hanover, N.J.-based maker of the drug and the American Psychiatric Association was filed earlier this year in Texas. 
People with behavioral patterns that cause them to be diagnosed as having ADHD _ impulsiveness, inability to concentrate, difficulty learning _ appear to have a deficiency in certain brain receptors involved in processing the neurotransmitter dopamine, according to this view. 
&QL; &UR; Ouch-free monitor device promising for diabetics &LR; &QL; Checking the body's blood sugar levels at home could get less painful for people with diabetes. 
GlucoWatch biographer, an experimental watch-like device, has been shown to be as effective as current self-monitoring techniques that require pricking a finger to get blood samples, according to a report released Tuesday at the American Diabetes Association meeting in San Diego. 
The device would allow people with diabetes to check their glucose levels up to 36 times a day. 
``We now know that's not true. 
This can translate into multiple marriages, substance abuse, speeding violations and risky driving, poor job histories, difficulties in school and criminal behavior. 
``If I can't find any evidence through high school or college, I'm going to really question what's going on here,'' he said. 
He is currently being evaluated for medication. 
She said a drug cocktail including Ritalin, the anti-depressant Paxil and Dexedrine, a stimulant like Ritalin, caused her boy to hallucinate. 
Times News Service In her new job as a recruiter for a telecommunications company in Herndon, Va., Alicia Dennis was told to sign up for a weeklong training session. 
I was so frustrated, so ashamed, I'd put my head in my desk and cry.'' That changed after he was told that he had ADHD and was treated with medication. 
The FDA decision is a commercial boost for Mountain View, Calif.'s Alza Corp., which can now enter the $700 million-a-year market for drugs that treat attention-deficit and hyperactivity disorder. 
``We're getting so many reports from across the world, that we know this is going to be a huge problem come Monday,'' Fithen said. 	
``Turkey was caught unprepared,'' said Mustafa Ucoklar, an electronics engineer in Turkey, where the virus infected computers at banks, an airport and state-run radio and TV stations, according to Turkey's Radikal newspaper. 
Zajicek warned, however, that computer users still need to be cautious about any e-mail with an attachment. 	
A more damaging virus named Chernobyl struck in late April, but did most of its harm overseas. 	
The new bug is only known to attack computers using Microsoft operating systems Windows 95, Windows 98, and Windows NT. Rival operating systems such as Macintosh and Unix apparently are not vulnerable. 	
sprang back from a deceptively quiet weekend amid warnings that it uses more than just e-mail trickery to spread. 	
It took only days earlier this spring for authorities to trace the digital footprints of Melissa and the Chernobyl virus that struck in late April. 	
	NEW YORK (AP) -- A computer virus timed to strike Windows PCs on Christmas Day has yet to pose a significant threat because of its low prevalence, but anti-virus software makers are gearing up to help computer users combat it. 	
The virus overwrites data on hard drives and destroys the memory that stores a computer's setup, sometimes making a computer unbootable. 	
You don't know it's doing this, of course. 
Not using this feature in effect defeats the purpose of the software. 
The third rule is more Draconian: Never open e-mail attachments or download files unless you are absolutely confident of their contents, even if they are not Word files. 
But the FBI apparently didn't need his help. 
Can infect Word and Excel documents. 
I have a friend who immediately suspects computer viruses whenever the printer stops working or her system crashes. 
In contrast, the original "Love Bug" only ranks at 5 on this scale. 
?
Ms. Wynne said. 
``We're saying, 'You're a Main Street investor that has a social and cultural return on your investment by making a donation.' ... It's a model of reciprocity.'' 	Using just $2,000, Ms. Wynne, who comes from a family of small-business owners, launched GAIA bookstore with her husband in 1987 and immediately began turning a profit. 
``Maybe those customers are a little more loyal. 
His father was an author and ran his own publishing house for some years. 	
But the ABA, which has lost nearly 2,000 stores over the past decade, also reported a long-hoped for statistic. 
The fourth in author J.K. Rowling's series, title and content both still a mystery, is due July 8. Anticipated titles for the fall include Margaret Atwood's novel ''The Blind Assassin''; ''The Island of Lost Maps,'' a nonfiction work by Miles Harvey about cartographic crime, and new books from Jane Hamilton, Caleb Carr and David Baldacci. 
But as the new president of Book People, he flew to Chicago for a quick, total immersion at Book Expo. 
They predict that it will probably take much longer for the purchase to be approved than the 30 to 45 days foreseen by Barnes &AMP; Noble executives. 
``If there are any real issues when they do their first look, this could take some time,'' he said, adding that he expected the Ingram purchase to face a second round of intensive review that could take up to six months. 
The situation was exacerbated last month by revelations that Barnes &AMP; Noble, the nation's biggest bookseller, planned to purchase the country's leading wholesale distributor, Ingram Book Group. 
It is a homespun, handwritten notes, crazy quilt kind of place. 
``Young people, in particular,'' Domnitz said, are ``so busy and so mobile that the acquisition of these things are just not on their priority list.'' That group is reading, he noted _ not necessarily traditional books but perhaps information on line. 
``We're focused on our customers as opposed to what the competition is doing.'' &QL; NYT-05-17-99 1920EDT &QL; NYT-05-19-99 1054EDT &QL; 
STAFF O FTC IS SAID TO OPPOSE BARNES &AMP; NOBLE BID TO WHOLESALER front page) (sw) By STEPHEN LABATON c.1999 N.Y. 
Lawyers for Barnes &AMP; Noble and Ingram, a unit of Ingram Industries, will try to make their case soon to the full commission. 
``In California, the rules for e-commerce are the same as catalog selling,'' Klehs said. 
``We want the Web to drive people to our store, that's the goal. 
``I'd have to have a crew of 20 people working constantly to get all my books on the Web site,'' said Gloss, whose site holds just a smattering of his collection. 
?
But riding the supersonic jet -- a haunt of celebrities, royalty, politicians and business tycoons -- also has been called an exercise in nonstop pampering. 
The French disaster was the first in 25 years of commercial operations for Concorde. 
Some 1,500 mourners attended the hourlong ecumenical service led by the Cologne bishop and the head of the German Lutheran Church. 
Only 16 were built. 
He said he was mourning ``the victims, the flight crew, and our German friends.'' Maria Nelson, an Irishwoman married to a Frenchman, agreed that relations between the two former bitter enemies have improved dramatically in the 14 years that she has lived in France. 
His trip was delayed after Air France suspended all its Concorde flights until the airline is convinced the planes are safe. 
Wall Street executives have been known to pick up the whiff of a deal after bumping into a competitor with a client. 
(Bert Roughton Jr.'s E-mail address is: BertR(at)coxnews.com) ENDIT Story Filed By Cox Newspapers For Use By Clients of the New York Times News Service NYT-07-27-00 1845EDT &QL; 
In its day, the Concorde was the ne plus ultra of technology, the edge of the envelope in speed and altitude. 
The pain of writing off what it cost to develop the plane may be another. 
They also said that in addition to traces of tire marks, pieces of a water deflector fixed above the left-side tires and debris from a fuel tank had been found on the runway. 
By ALAN COWELL c.2000 N.Y. 
Air France grounded its five remaining Concordes immediately after the July 25 crash of Concorde Flight AF 4590, which plunged to the ground about 90 seconds after take-off, killing 113 people in the first fatal accident involving the supersonic airplane. 
British Airways said Wednesday that it had suspended Concorde flights through September, but gave no clear indication whether it believed the aircraft _ which crosses the Atlantic in about three and one-half hours at up to twice the speed of sound _ would ever return to commercial service. 
``We have no certitude that, if another Concorde were to make the same flight today, the same thing would not happen,'' Paul-Louis Arslanian, director of the air investigation bureau, said Friday. 
The plane's 100 passengers included 96 Germans, two Danes, an Austrian and an American. 
The runway thus had not been thoroughly inspected for about 12 hours before the supersonic jet took off, officials said. 
``At this stage in the investigation there is no conclusive evidence that Continental is involved in the Concorde crash,'' the statement said. 
He went on to say that no matter what changes take place in the international arena, China will always abide by the Five Principles of Peaceful Co-Existence and the treaty on Sino-Mongolian friendship and co-operation, and make unremitting efforts to achieve a long-term, steady and healthy development of bilateral ties. 
On behalf of Mongolian President Punsalmaagiyn Ochirbat, Jasray invited Jiang to visit Mongolia at his convenience. 
The Russian foreign minister also welcomed the development of good relations between China and Mongolia and said he supported the maintenance of active dialogue between countries in the region. 
The two European countries also agreed to strengthen their relations with Mongolia and increase economic and trade contacts, he added. 
They also agreed to continue to explore ways for increasing bilateral economic and trade cooperation on the basis of equality and mutual benefit. 
ULAN BATOR, April 4 (Xinhua) - Canadian Senate speaker Gildas Molgat has announced that his country will give financial aid to Mongolia and set up an honorary consulate here to promote economic and trade relations between the two countries. 
It is also the first visit to Mongolia by a Chinese NPC chairman. 
The delegation, headed by House of Representative Deputy Speaker Kozo Watanabe, arrived in Mongolia on Monday. 
In developing foreign relations, he said, it is highly important for Mongolia to create a sound outside environment, overcome difficulties arising from the transformation of economic structures, and to promote national economy and social development. 
Kader also appealed on Kuwaiti businessmen to invest in Mongolia which is rich in natural resources. 
The United States and Mongolia established diplomatic relations in January 1987. 
Support and economic assistance from Germany is very important to Mongolia, Bagabandy told reporters after the meeting. 
According to reports here, about 45 percent of Mongolia's annual investment and budget depends on foreign loans and economic aid. 
BEIJING, April 24 (Xinhua) -- Chinese Foreign Minister Tang Jiaxuan said today that China will as always hold to the policy of good-neighborly friendship with Mongolia and abide by the principles guiding Sino-Mongolian relations. 
Tang said this during talks today with visiting Minister of External Relations of Mongolia Nyam-Osorin Tuyaa. 
Trade relations have become increasingly more significant in bilateral relations in recent years, Shi said, predicting there is great potential for stepping up trade cooperation. 
But murders increased to 224. 
The crime rate in the West and South declined nearly 3 percent, while the Midwest saw a drop of 2 percent. 
``But we're very enthusiastic about the program. 
``We desperately needed a home run, something to celebrate,'' he said. 
_ Every 20 seconds, someone in the United States is arrested for a drug violation. 
Every week, on average, a new jail or prison is built to lock up more people in the world's largest penal system. 
The number of crack users began falling not long after surveys began counting them. 
Ms. Van Winkle's sentence was not. 
``It was a nightmare,'' McCaffrey said. 
``Sometimes we like to cruise around and just kick it, you know, on Friday and Saturday,'' Misa said. 
``The curfew has been a great tool, especially at places like Humphrey Park where we were having serious gang problems,'' said Foothill gang Detective Bob Brophy. 
Approximately 40 percent of Hispanics have immigrated here. 
reading and writing, for those skills cannot obliterate almost 400 years of slavery, subjugation, segregation and hate that oppress and depress the lives and the spirit of blacks _ a condition that neither this writer nor the reader can imagine without being black. 
``Bug Smith was a legendary shooter in Richmond. 
Federal officials point out, however, that most Project Exile offenders will never see a jury, opting to plea bargain. 
On a recent afternoon, ATF agent Mike Russell delivered his pitch for the program to more than 100 of Fort Worth's Neighborhood Police Officers. 
``State Police get letters, pro and con, on a daily basis,'' he said. 
``The drop in California is so small that it might just be noise, but it could also be an indication that finally we're seeing the first dove after the flood.'' NYT-07-05-00 2120EDT &QL; 
Streib and other experts on adolescence and criminal justice say that juvenile inmates facing execution may be viewed as an extreme expression of Americans' fears of violence, and the attitudes among politicians and law enforcement officials who want to be seen as tough on crime. 
Industry experts say 90 percent of the fish that pass through a dam turbine survives. 
Welch said that if the warming continues as part of a broader global climate change, the salmon as a species may be forced northward into the Bering Sea, abandoning their traditional Pacific habitat. 
''That allows them to continue to list coho salmon as a threatened species, which in turn allows them to continue to regulate. 
_A possible model: Faced with federal listing of salmon under the Endangered Species Act, Western Washington counties may combine their salmon-recovery efforts into a giant urban Habitat Conservation Plan. 
The Yakama, Colville and Umatilla Indians helped negotiate the agreement. 
By declaring the species eligible for protection under the federal Endangered Species Act, the government will be calling for changes in a wide variety of practices by farmers, fishermen, builders, businesses and homeowners. 
State and local governments hope to retain a large degree of control over salmon conservation measures, but ultimately, the federal government and any activist can ask the courts to force an end to behavior that harms the threatened species. 
The listing of the northern spotted owl for protection in 1990 caused tremendous bitterness in the region, pitting environmentalists against timber communities and ultimately helping to spur unsuccessful efforts to overturn the law. 
There is nothing new about the problem. 
Part of what makes the problem difficult to attack, biologists say, is that any single wall does little harm. 
Probably the most heavily affected salmon are so-called ``ocean-type'' chinook, which leave streams early to spend as long as two months in shallow Puget Sound waters, according to Charles Simenstad of the University of Washington School of Fisheries. 
``It's a difficult situation,'' he says. 
City and county development agencies exercise the most control over bulkhead and retaining-wall construction. 
Beyond that, many local residents are consumed by fears that development will someday destroy the natural beauty that surrounds them. 
But, Anderson maintained, money done to nurture salmon in streams will be wasted drain unless conservation measures are taken at sea. 
The main problem generally isn't with returning adult salmon, but with juveniles. 
The report noted that fisheries officials cannot account for what happened to 3.5 million sockeye salmon that swam up the Fraser River last year but never reached their spawning grounds. 
Gov. George W. Bush of Texas vowed in the primary campaign here never to allow the dams to be breached, while Vice President Al Gore, part of an administration that is intensely debating the issue, has taken no public position. 
She was unanimously rejected for clemency even though supporters insisted she was a born-again Christian who no longer posed a threat to society. 
Although the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals rejected her court challenge, a dissenting opinion from Judge Morris Overstreet described the clemency process as ``totally inadequate'' and ``a legal fiction at best,'' because the overwhelming majority of petitions are denied. 
A television reporter looked up at Richards. 
``For Governor Bush, gun control is not yet part of crime control,'' said Travis County Constable Bruce Elfant, one of the many law-enforcement officials who have come to see gun control as important as fighting drugs and gangs in the battle against crime. 
``The death penalty is certainly popular in Texas, but as it's practiced, it seems extreme compared to the rest of the country,'' said Richard Dieter, executive director of the Death Penalty Information Center in Washington, a group often critical of the way capital punishment is administered. 
But conventional political wisdom holds that a politician cannot be too supportive of the death penalty, when polls say that nearly three out of four Americans favor it. 
``Our members are working hard, not only in Iowa and New Hampshire, but in the other early primary states, trying to get this issue before the voters,'' said Sullivan, a one-time Texan whose office is in Washington, D.C. 
IN TEXAS, DOUBTS ON EXECUTIONS TAKES-BOS (For use by New York Times News Service clients) By JOHN ALOYSIUS FARRELL c.2000 The Boston Globe AUSTIN, Texas _ Of the 127 men and women who have been executed in Texas during his time in office, Governor George W. Bush makes one categorical claim: none of them were innocent. 
CBS News and several major newspapers have dispatched reporters to Texas to investigate the governor's record. 
Bush declined an invitation to comment for this article, but when questioned about his record on the campaign trail, he has generally repeated what he said in his autobiography. 
 DALLAS: gets evaluated Unlike past death penalty cases, where Bush waited until all appeals has been exhausted before indicating how he was leaning, he made his comments Wednesday ahead of an anticipated court ruling in the case. 
Bush aides said Wednesday that they did recognize that this case was one of the more attention-getting death penalty cases, but they insisted that such factors have no bearing on how Bush acts or on what he says. 
In the past month, The New York Times has published a dozen major stories on the death penalty and the Texas system. 
A profile of Bush in Talk magazine last year described a scene, which the governor and his aides have said was mischaracterized, in which he mocked the last-minute clemency pleas of Karla Faye Tucker, a convicted killer whom Texas ultimately executed. 
In addition, the Rev. Pat Robertson and conservative columnist George Will have called for a reassessment of the death penalty. 
Recently, Bush granted his first-ever 30-day reprieve so that the inmate, Ricky McGinn, could get further DNA testing. 
``This has not to do with Bush's chances to win the presidency so much as it is another opportunity for him to show whether or not he can seem brave and serious enough when he talks about these matters,'' Buchanan said. 
``In certain instances that won't reflect well on him.'' Gov. George W. Bush's options in Gary Graham's execution: He cannot issue a 30-day reprieve. 
Source: Texas Attorney General's office American-Statesman staff writer Dave Harmon contributed to this report, which also includes material from the Associated Press. 
Eighty-seven percent said the testing should be available to inmates at no charge. 
Though Delphi has been trimming its work force through attrition, the company may end up adding workers if it meets its goals to increase new business, Battenberg said. 	
And it leaves Ford Motor Co. as the only automaker still to finish a contract with the UAW. 	
The UAW represents about 143,000 workers at GM, about 80,000 fewer than it did in 1990. 
The Delphi contract allows workers to transfer back to GM when openings occur, a union source said, and gives them until Jan. 1 to retire with GM pensions. 	
	DEARBORN, Mich. (AP) -- The United Auto Workers and Ford Motor Co. reached a tentative agreement Saturday on a new contract, hours after a handful of workers walked off the job when a strike deadline passed. 	
There was no word on how many workers were involved. 	
The contracts included promises from the companies that they would not spin off, sell or close any division or factory. 	
The automakers -- General Motors Corp., Ford Motor Co., and DaimlerChrysler AG -- were rewarded, too, apparently winning won the freedom they sought to reduce costs, including shedding workers. 	
NYT-06-11-98 2047EDT &QL; 
Until just a few years ago, U.S. workers earning close to $22 an hour at GM's Delphi East factory in Flint, Mich., made the instrument panels. 
Even if the parts factories do reopen then, it could take another two weeks for enough parts to be produced to allow the reopening of the 26 GM assembly plants. 
Workers ratified the settlement last Wednesday and returned to work, but GM lost $3 billion in after-tax profits because of the strike, or nearly half a year's earnings. 
GM tried unsuccessfully to stop investing in a low-productivity stamping factory in Flint that would be a logical candidate for closure if GM builds new stamping factories. 
But with all three automakers posting record or near-record profits, they are in unusually strong financial condition to take such a charge. 
?
``You can feel every day when you're taking a shower that you're doing something for the environment,'' he says. 	 
Solar energy accounts for just .002 
So Boxhoorn counsels compromise. 	 
OFF THE GRID (This ``separate buy'' article is from Latin Trade magazine.) prohibitive _ from New York Times sales representatives ANA PENA in New York at 212-499-3333 or fax at 212-499-3382; or KARL HORWITZ in Paris at 47-42-17-11, or fax at 47-42-80-44 or 47-42-18-81; or New York Times Syndicate Sales Executive DEBORAH WEYDERT at 1-732-390-4480.) service for newspapers _ the magazine's exclusives and other articles are transmitted every week.) By ALLISON WRIGHT c.2000 Latin Trade Americans living without electricity, many of whom reside so far from national grids that connecting these households is prohibitively expensive for even the region's wealthiest countries. 
Leading solar technology manufacturer United Solar, for example, recently announced plans to dramatically expand its Tijuana-based PV plant to a 25-megawatt annual capacity with an eye on the Mexican market. 
"Boats for recreation, fishing or even tourist boats may be used as the sun takes them along for a quiet holiday on a lake, river or dam. 
New York Times Wednesday released a set of pictures which shows a man from India in front of a solar-powered home, one of 50,000 to be converted; Tibetan herders using panels for electricity; and in Somalia, a traveling medical clinic using solar energy to keep vaccines cold in a refrigerator. 
Solar energy has been widely applied in the life of farmers and herdsmen in all parts of the region. 
In the north, though the use of solar energy is limited in winter time, solar energy has been used in water heating for nurseries, hospitals and families, according to reports. 
Minister of Scientific and Technical Research, Bava Djingoer, urged the experts to design specific projects and concrete recommendations on the use of solar energy especially in remote villages. 
About two thirds of last year's solar cell sales totaling 850 million dollars came from overseas. 
HARARE, November 11 (Xinhua) -- Zimbabwe and Israel are likely to enter into joint development of solar and renewable energy, an Israeli official said today. 
He said Zimbabwe's solar energy development infrastructure is at an advanced stage. 
The products sell nationwide and in the U.S., Japan, Canada, Singapore, and Thailand as well. 
In 1997 alone, sales of solar cells expanded over 40 percent. 
Goodale is currently leading a large trade and investment delegation to China, South Korea and Japan. 
Many other African countries have shown great interest in purchasing solar energy technology from Zhejiang. 
``The very hot lavas erupting on Io are hotter than anything that has erupted on Earth for billions of years,'' said Alfred McEwen, lead author of a study appearing Friday in the journal Science. 
As it orbits Jupiter, Io intersects powerful magnetic field lines from the giant planet and acts like an enormous electrical generator. 
Pillon, a major Io volcano, spews lava that is about 2,600 F Earth, said Geissler. 	 
Listed below are the names of five moons that orbit the planets Mars, Neptune, Pluto, Saturn and Uranus. 
Project team members were analyzing the problem. 
During a flyby of the moon Io in November, Galileo's computer entered a safe-mode just before its closest encounter. 
LIFE WASHINGTON _ From the accumulation of bits and pieces of fact, scientists are beginning to think that a small planet-like body just millions of miles from Earth may harbor conditions that could support life. 
``This is the first evidence that Europa's ocean is briny,'' McCord says. 
That ocean might contain life forms warmed by undersea volcanoes. 
Jupiter even has super-lightning. 
Times News Service When the durability and longevity of spacecraft have counted most, on long voyages to the outer planets of the sun, fortune has smiled on American space scientists. 
The spacecraft's full capability has been hobbled by the failure of the main antenna to unfurl and the erratic behavior of a tape recorder. 
The water layer might be sandwiched between a radioactively heated interior, where convection keeps the material mixed, and a thin icy shell, where a different convection cycle cools the ocean.'' Flight controllers did not dare send Galileo into the blizzard of Jovian radiation surrounding Io, the innermost of the major moons, until all other mission objectives had been accomplished. 
Galileo survived the encounter, but not without some radiation hits causing erratic performance of spacecraft electronics. 
In an article in the current issue of Scientific American, Dr. Torrence V. Johnson, the Galileo chief scientist, wrote: ``Somehow Callisto must be hot enough to support an ocean but not so hot that light and heavy materials separate. 
If Galileo's operations and the subsequent transmission of data to Earth occur as planned, NASA said, selected images of Ganymede will be released in a televised news conference on July 10. 
The shipment involved so-called ``dual-use'' chemicals which have both a civilian and military application, said Economic Affairs Ministry spokeswoman Paula de Jonge. 	 
The fact-finding mission can easily collect samples from the soil,'' Ismail said. 	 
A tribunal judge who read a summary of evidence of the killings said it contained ``scenes from hell, written on the darkest pages of human history.'' 	 (mc/bk) ) AP-NY-11-19-98 1025EST 
In its most recent comment on the issue, State Department spokesman Philip Reeker said last week the administration stands by its initial justification for the bombing. 
He said Empta, used to make chemical weapons, was found outside the al-Shifa facility. 
Although the United Nations closely monitors goods purchased under the ``oil for food'' program, the officials said the contract could have provided a pretext for extensive visits by Iraqi officials. 
Administration officials said Monday that the pharmaceutical factory, Shifa Pharmaceutical Industries, had been targeted after soil samples from outside the plant, secretly obtained months ago, were found to have a rare chemical needed for the manufacture of VX. 
``I suppose I went into every corner of the plant,'' he said in a telephone interview from his home in England. 
Other officials now say it is unclear that Empta was actually produced at the plant, but insisted that the soil sample proved the factory's complicity in making VX. 
Several diplomats also charged that the French had delayed releasing the final results because they did not want to undermine Iraq's push at the United Nations this week to lift economic sanctions. 
French officials denied that they were deliberately withholding test results, and a French diplomat said on Tuesday that the results are expected to be ``completely consistent'' with earlier tests that found no traces of the chemical. 
EXPERTS FIND NO ARMS CHEMICALS AT BOMBED SUDAN PLANT By JAMES RISEN and DAVID JOHNSTON c.1999 N.Y. 
The law firm has a long-held reputation of influence in Democratic circles with partners like Robert Strauss, the former Democratic Party chairman, and Vernon Jordan, a close friend of President Clinton. 
``We've been confronted with the problem of proving a series of negatives that there was no Empta at the plant and that Idris was not a terrorist,'' said Mark MacDougall, a partner at the law firm. 
One milligram of BZ can produce a delirium that lasts up to three days. 
But Iraq strongly denied any contact with the Shifa factory beyond pharmaceutical supplies approved by the U.N. Security Council's sanctions committee, which monitors goods imported to Iraq. 
Russian and Western submarines sometimes play cat-and-mouse games in the area and have scraped each other in the past, according to reports. 
''Despite all the efforts being taken, the probability of a successful outcome from the situation with the Kursk is not very high,'' the navy chief said. 
''Only a small group of people really knows what's going on,'' said Valery Chushenkov, a retired submarine captain who is director of a naval history museum. 
Klebanov said the commission, after considering several methods of recovering the bodies, would recommend to President Vladimir Putin that the work be done by cutting holes in the submarine. 
The Federal Security Service, the Russian navy and Klebanov's commission had already rejected a German newspaper report Friday that the Kursk was hit by a new anti-submarine missile fired by a nuclear-powered cruiser, the Peter the Great. 
Investigators have ''enough data that the collision with the Kursk submarine was the blame of those officials who navigated an unidentified marine craft,'' he was quoted as saying. 
Russian officials earlier said they would not seek assistance, even though it has been offered by the United States and Britain. 
And the Russian defense minister, Igor Sergeyev, said on Monday that a commission of experienced navy officials had endorsed this view. 
A British rescue submarine and back-up staff were flown to Norway Wednesday en route to the tragic spot. 
Baltin said that the Kursk submarine must have been rising to a periscopic level at between 11:30 a.m. and 11:45 a.m. 
There is still no final word on what caused the accident, but Admiral Mikhail Motsak, chief of the Northern Fleet, said there were two possible versions. 
He said the Kursk's collision detonated three or four torpedoes, resulting in a blast equivalent to 1-2 ton of TNT. 
Mostsak told the state RTR television that all the compartments of the submarine are filled with water and that none of the crewmembers survived. 
Attempts to simulate the third situation at a testing ground have so far failed. 
In the latest issue of the journal Science, James Hansen and colleagues at NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies wrote that Wentz's work helps reconcile temperature trends that didn't make sense. 	 
It can disrupt climate around the world, producing extra rain in the southeastern United States and in Peru during the winter, while causing drought in the western Pacific, for example. 	
Essentially, the study suggests that the Pacific would warm more in the east than the west. 
Delegates to the summit aim to put teeth into the treaty that came out of Kyoto, which calls for the world's leading countries to sharply reduce their use of energy over the next decade and a half. 
Politicians shouldn't be permitted to hijack science in their pursuit of power. 
Remember when the Chicken Littles were warning that the earth was getting Newsweek claimed in 1975, ``that meteorologists are hard-pressed to keep up with it.'' Except that there was no global cooling. 
The winds oscillate between stronger and weaker states, with consequences for weather and climate farther south. 
This would increase the temperature contrast between the two regions and thereby strengthen the pole-girdling vortex of winds. 
These are a few of the signs that scientists say point to an increasingly inescapable conclusion: global warming is threatening marine life worldwide. 
``The thing that screams out here is that from the inter-tidal zone to the open ocean, from the Antarctic to the Arctic, we are seeing worrisome things everywhere that seem to be most closely correlated with climate change.'' Norse offered a variety of recent examples of the impacts of global warming, from the encroachment of subalpine firs into the alpine meadows on Mount Rainier, to the marlin caught off Longview, Wash., to the appearance of Pacific dolphins off the Aleutian islands. 
The report says that sockeye are particularly susceptible to temperature variations. 
He also said ``large economic harm would result from reductions in fuel available to consumers by the adoption of the Kyoto Protocol.'' Gerald North, head of the atmospheric sciences department at Texas A&AMP;M University, said the majority of scientists agree that the Earth's average temperature rose by at least 1 degree Fahrenheit in the 1900s and is expected to rise even more in the 21st century. 
But Lindzen and Gray, pointing to what they consider the models' problems with the physics of the atmosphere, say they overestimate possible warming. 
Lindzeb's idea is based on a fundamental point of physics: carbon dioxide and the other waste gases generate only a small amount of warming. 
The production of wheat will rise, while corn will yield a lower overall volume. 
CANBERRA, May 27 (Xinhua) -- Sea levels would rise as the Antarctic ice sheet melted because of higher temperatures caused by global warming, Australian geologists said Wednesday. 
"But this definitely challenges the belief that the ice sheet won't be affected." 
) AP-NY-06-12-98 2037EDT 
The 44-year-old Chavez, an independent supported by millions of peasants and shantytown dwellers, is the favorite to win the Dec. 6 presidential election. 	 
``Nothing like these elections has happened in Venezuela's political history,'' U.S. Ambassador John Maisto said. 	 
In 1992, Chavez led 15,000 rebel soldiers who tried and failed to overthrow Venezuela's democratically elected government. 
Street celebrations broke out throughout the country Sunday evening; people donned Chavez's trademark red parachutist's beret and hung Venezuelan flags from balconies. 	 
The market was closed Monday for a holiday. 	 
w1932 &Cx1f; wstm- Venezuela stocks soar again after former coup leader wins presidency &QL; details on economic outlook, background on Chavez-Caldera meeting &QL; 
	 CARACAS, Venezuela (AP) _ President-elect Hugo Chavez said Wednesday he was ``completely sure'' Washington would reverse its policy of banning him from the United States. 
Local stocks soared after his election, he said, because ``we have demonstrated to the world that we are not savages.'' 	 The Caracas stock exchange opened sharply higher for the second straight day Wednesday, continuing a rally caused by Chavez's conciliatory statements after his landslide victory Sunday. 
Investors had long feared Chavez, who as an army officer in 1992 staged an unsuccessful coup attempt, would roll back free market economic reforms and civil liberties. 
It wasn't immediately clear if that decision would affect the markets. 	 
Palace workers applauded and cheered him. 	 
w1124 &Cx1f; wstm- Oil ministers to discuss oil policy in Madrid 
Prices for Venezuelan oil hit a 12-year low last year but have more than doubled since February. 	
Some industry analysts said Chavez might endanger the company's reputation by filling key posts with people known more for their political loyalty than energy expertise. 
In his letter to U.S. President Bill Clinton, published by the Presidency of the Republic, Chavez called on Clinton's attention to the matter, considered to be "of utmost importance" for Venezuela. 
According to the analysts, Venezuela does not want to complicate more the relations between those two countries, because it wants to be a factor of harmony instead of aggressions, direct or indirect. 
La Nina has shrunk several times and then had a resurgence over the past 12 months, they said. 	
--Increased sales of merchandise for homes and other goods, $5.6 billion as warm weather sent people to the stores to post a January-March retail sales record. 	
``If you treat it as an economic outcome for the country ... most of the country benefited,'' Changnon said. 	
``It's admirable that he tried to put numbers on this stuff,'' Glantz concluded, but ``it's very hard to attribute weather events.'' 	 	 
In fact, the effect was greater in winter, even though the weather was cooler. 	 
The findings were similar for the 1997-1998 El Nino period. 	 
Don't count La Nina out yet. 
What the scientists know already is that El Nino disrupts normal weather patterns: Trade winds may reverse direction, sending the warm water that normally moves toward Australia and Indonesia back toward the South American coast, with infamous consequences. 
By the time the next El Nino arrives, scientists hope to be able to give much better forecasts. 
``You just have to say that's the way it is,'' Barnett said. 
Song Xuejia, the center's deputy director, says that no other scientists have made such a "bold prediction" before. 
On the past effects of El Nino, he said that after it occurred in 1972-73, El Nino reversed to trigger floods in 1974, in 1982-83 it reversed into a spate of flooding, and again in 1986, El Nino led to the worst flooding when it reversed in 1987 and 1988 respectively, he said. 
The NOAA team's new research helps explain the lower growth in carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere during those years. 
The researchers have found that reduced carbon dioxide releases in the Pacific during El Nino could account for up to a third of this "missing" carbon dioxide. 
Assaf Anyamba, a Goddard researcher who uses satellites to study the oceans, said that East Africa gets more rain during an El Nino, but that this effect, alone, is not enough to prompt a fever outbreak. 
``Estimates for more than five years into the future are even more uncertain,'' the CBO report said. 	
``Our estimates, optimistic as they sound, are more conservative than those of Congress,'' the president said. 	
But Clinton, many Republicans and especially Wall Street have always given Rubin considerable credit. 	
The GOP alternative, Summers said, would threaten ``the progress we've made toward paying down debt, ... would put at risk core government, everything from the national parks to the FBI to medical research.'' 	The comments came during Summers' first appearance on the Sunday talk shows since he succeeded Rubin on July 2. 	Democrats and Republicans agree that reinforcing Social Security and Medicare should be the top priority for most of a projected $2.9 trillion budget surplus over the next 10 years. 
``If you look at those proposals, they go into the kind of place in terms of the total cost ... that is exploding, that is on a takeoff path out beyond 10 years, that would threaten all we've worked hard to do in terms of creating budget surpluses and would do a great deal of damage,'' he said. 	
Greenspan was answering questions in an appearance before the Senate Banking Committee to deliver the Fed's semiannual report to Congress. 
Although the economy remains strong, and inflation is still largely at bay, Greenspan said tight labor markets and a continued consumer spending boom present potential price pressures too great to ignore. 	 
It was the first time the government posted a surplus in July since the 1950s. 
With the expected surplus for fiscal year 2000, it would be the first time the government has reported three consecutive surplus years since 1947, 1948 and 1949. 
``Now that there's a budget surplus, the administration has committed itself to saving the surplus for Social Security rather than succumbing to Republican tax cuts,'' Reich said. 
Individual retirement accounts, or IRA's, allow people to save money for retirement while receiving special tax treatment. 
NYT-01-20-99 1828EST &QL; 
``With a budget, it's hard to predict what will happen more than three or four years out,'' Latta said. 
_ Provide a $250 tax credit for parents who stay at home with children under age 1 and a $1,000 tax credit for people who care for dependents with long-term illnesses. 
``Interest rates are too high, and while Alan Greenspan and the Federal Reserve raise rates, commodity prices have plummeted,'' Forbes says in a 60-second radio spot being run in Iowa. 
Economically, it could prove even trickier, since Greenspan is still wrestling with the degree to which this technology-driven, financial-market-centric, globally oriented economy can hold off inflation. 
The only way to resolve that fundamental imbalance, he said, was to sharply curtail the relentless rise in equity prices. 
The pressures on the economy have been eased so far by a surge in imports, which have made up for the inability of domestic producers to keep up with demand, and by the willingness of people who had not previously been in the labor force to get a job. 
``This is an important reform that will help protect families who need and deserve decent housing, at a fair cost to the American taxpayer,'' he said. 	
But LISC's loans were tiny by Wall Street standards and secured by properties scattered around the country. 
 	 	 
Although more minorities are buying homes because of low interest rates and specially tailored mortgage loan programs, the gap between white and nonwhite home ownership widened from 1994 to 1998, the study found. 	
The report, which is to be presented by Cuomo this weekend at the U.S. Conference of Mayors annual convention in Reno, Nev., provides ample evidence that the country's economic growth in recent years has dramatically improved conditions in cities of all size around the country. 
The change has been sought by officials in many cities who contend that large concentrations of extremely poor people in public housing projects have shattered neighborhoods, sapped their commercial vitality and left them devoid of stable families. 
CONGRESSIONAL NEGOTIATORS AGREE TO CREATE MORE RENT SUBSIDIES (nk) By DAVID STOUT c.1998 N.Y. 
&QL; ``We've had major advances, the industry has stepped up to the energy issue and when a manufacturer says to Maytag `I need 10,000 dishwashers,' the company can cut a pretty good price,'' said Mrs. Brown. 
&QL; Davis said that ``based on the incredible success'' of Thomas Place, providing two-story manufactured homes for working people will be his next step ``so we can get the best property density.'' But, he added, ``it is a couple of years away, the land use process takes time.'' Across Puget Sound from Seattle, the Kitsap County Consolidated Housing Authority plans to build several hundred manufactured homes, mostly on land it owns near Bremerton that is platted for 250 houses. 
Responsibilities: Pay higher-than-average rents and serve as role models to unemployed neighbors. 
A critic of the law, the Oakland, Calif.-based National Housing Law Project, says one of the legislation's intents is to decrease federal subsidies for housing authorities. 
But the law contains no clear penalty for agencies that fail to do so. 
The centerpiece of Kerry's plan calls for creation of a new national housing trust, set up much like the federal highway trust fund, which would take revenues generated by the FHA and reserve them for use exclusively in federal housing initiatives. 
NYT-11-15-99 2136EST &QL; 
The tenant kicks in $223 a month, to cover an average rent of $623. 
But it also forces residents to meet higher income standards for a subsidized home. 
And in at least one way, Lazio reached beyond the Clinton administration to provide more benefits to welfare recipients: his 1998 public housing overhaul raised spending for veterans and the Department of Housing and Urban Development by $400 million more than what the Democratic White House initially requested. 
Charges dismissed on Jan. 11, 1799, after the Senate voted to expel Blount on July 8, 1797. 	
Lundy was indicted Dec. 3 on perjury charges along with former players Christopher Gamble, Michael Senters and Gregory Gill. 	
Gamble pleaded guilty last month to lying to the grand jury. 
Jurors convicted her in December on a dozen counts of conspiracy, securities fraud, mail fraud, obstruction of justice and perjury. 	
	BARRY SCHECK and PETER NEUFIELD: DNA specialists for Simpson. 
Under federal law, a person who makes an inaccurate statement under oath is not necessarily guilty of perjury. 
But she also admits that when he brought a civil suit for medical malpractice and sexual harassment, she lied when his lawyer asked her at a deposition whether ``anything of a sexual nature'' occurred in her office when she was alone with Arthur. 
Cohen glumly recalls writing one draft after another for a ruling in a major death-penalty case. 
That was true. 
--Obstruction of justice. 
The documents showed that she had in fact been in Geneva. 
But lawyers said he administered the Microsoft trial brilliantly. 
His findings of fact bore that out. 
The Court of Appeals rebuked him last year by overturning a previous ruling in a related Microsoft case. 
?
?
``First thing that we want to see soon is that the administration is willing to allow this process to take the course of family court, and perhaps also we would like to see the administration more willing to listen to us,'' Sanchez said. 	 
But they have declined to be more specific and to comply with the Justice Department's demand. 
The issue seemed headed to a showdown when last week, Elian's father arrived in the United States to retrieve his son from the Miami relatives, who were granted temporary custody until federal authorities ordered that the boy be reunited with his father. 
About 11 p.m., officials from the powerful Cuban American National Foundation announced that the Miami relatives would travel to Washington Wednesday with Elian for a meeting with the boy's father. 
U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service Commissioner Doris Meissner said the relatives are ``not in compliance with the law'' and vowed the feds will take ``appropriate'' action ``when we're ready.'' (MWilliams, Cox News Service). 
EDs: Following developments in Washington from the Justice Department, in Atlanta from the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals and in Miami. 
Cox Washington Bureau: News editor Art Dalglish, 202-887-8338, artd(at)coxnews.com 
Bureau chief Andy Alexander, 202-887-8334, andya(at)coxnews.com 
Meanwhile, security teams scoured the building. 
Experts talk about what else has changed _ and hasn't changed _ nationally since the shootings at Columbine High School nearly one year ago. 
Just don't be complacent. 
And yet, the experience sedates us, engaging just enough of our senses to lull us into a stupor.''). 
Democrats say eliminating the tax would give billions of dollars to the nation's wealthiest people, but Republicans say ``death tax'' reform is necessary to save family businesses and farms. 
Both the Democrats and Republicans are finding new ways of using these high-tech tools in writing their platforms. 
HOW TO REACH US Questions should be directed to CoxNet, the Cox News Service, in Atlanta at 404-526-5456. 
) AP-NY-11-24-98 2216EST 
One way to get Americans on their feet is to get them out from behind the wheel. 	 
Twelve students and a teacher were killed and 23 others were wounded before the attackers committed suicide. 	
``Every loud noise, you freak out,'' said Samantha Roman, a 16-year-old Columbine sophomore. 
And a clinician who was not involved in the study said she found the drug to work, especially in combination with psychological therapy. 	 
Neziroglu has treated a number of people with muscle dysmorphia. 
"You look at him and you know he has no flab." 	 
Of course every week is mental health awareness week for some of us, whether we like it or not. 
There was nothing particularly stressful going on in her life. 
When the cells oscillate at a high frequency, the brain is awake and alert. 
Llinas speculates that the same underlying defect causes some types of depression, most tinnitus and obsessive compulsive disease. 
``But you have to keep the electrode in. 
In one case, a man believed his penis was being retracted into his body and had surgery to detach some of the muscles in his groin. 
``It can be a good cup of coffee, or `My spouse made a wonderful meal,' or `I got to go to a play.' '' Noticing beauty and goodness ``is part of being alive,'' she says. 
THE LINE BETWEEN VEXING AND CERTIFIABLE (The Week in Review) should be set as brackets.) only. 
Each anxiety disorder has emotional, psychological and biological underpinnings and can be treated through targeted psychotherapy, medications or a combination of the two. 
Putin's visit came on the eve of Defender of the Fatherland Day, a major military holiday. 	 
Not that the voters seem to mind. 
''We have already left once,'' he said. 
But overall, observers predict Putin will probably have little trouble getting what he wants -- whatever that turns out to be. 
Still, Skuratov warned that Putin may not tackle high-level graft because of his close ties to Yeltsin's scandal-marred administration. 
Putin was nominated prime minister Monday after Yeltsin fired Sergey Stepashin, who served just under three months in the job. 
Throughout his career Putin has been a bureaucratic infighter and a master of behind-the-scenes political intrigues. 
It has also shamelessly protected the Kremlin's political interests, often ignoring the rule of law in the process. 
Will he clean them up?'' Third, a ruthlessly efficient leader can win a ruthlessly efficient election and craft a ruthlessly efficient economy. 
True, we don't yet know whether Putin had ever been observed thus amusing himself. 
While still a sophomore, Putin was entrusted with forming a college sambo team to compete in a University championship. 
The team was formed, but the championship matches ended in tragedy: Putin's friend injured his cervical vertebra and died in the hospital several days later. 
In the summer of 1996 Putin ran Sobchak's election campaign and also sued Alexander Belyayev, who was then the chairman of the Legislative Assembly. 
&UR; (Viktoria Voloshina and Olga Antonova Vremya are Moscow News correspondents based in St. Petersburg.) &LR; ----------------- &QC; NYT-02-03-00 1133EST &QL; 
"As we have been talking for years about fighting crime, that evil was continuing to entrench itself everywhere. 
"So far, I can say that the election and the calculation of votes were well organized and disciplined, and complied with the law," he said. 
Also expected is a separate observer delegation headed by former Colombian President Cesar Gaviria, now secretary general of the Organization of American States. 	 
The Carter Center, founded by former President Jimmy Carter, made its conclusion in conjunction with the National Democratic Institute, another U.S. based pro-democracy group, after a five-day visit at the invitation of Fujimori's administration. 	 
The request fell outside constitutional provisions, he said. 	 
The Carter Center envisions using its share of the five-year donation to initiate a project called ``Transparency for Growth in the Americas.'' After years of promoting democracy in Latin American countries, the Carter Center now is turning its attention to combating corruption by urging ``transparency,'' or openness, in government. 
Viking; 586 pages; $29.95. 
Story Filed By Cox Newspapers For Use By Clients of the New York Times News Service NYT-09-09-98 1029EDT &QL; 
In Panama in 1989, he went on national television to denounce ballot tampering by General Manuel Noriega. 
Another 65 representatives from underrepresented groups will be appointed later, probably by parliament, and the military will appoint 38 representatives of its own. 
Now he seems downright amiable. 
It makes a big difference, to have a base like that with a lot of family.'' Carter goes home, but he doesn't sit still. 
Carter's mother and all three of his siblings have died since he left the White House, so Carter, seeing himself as the patriarch, works to hold the family together. 
He confessed to ``very strange'' feelings as he saw people suffering from ailments so easily preventable. 
LAGOS, July 1 (Xinhua) -- The much-speculated postponement of Nigeria's governorship election to next year was confirmed during a meeting between Head of State General Sani Abacha and former U.S. president Jimmy Carter on Sunday. 
The former U.S. president said there was no assurance yet on the release of former head of state General Obasanjo and Major-General Yar'Adua imprisoned on alleged involvement of a coup, as well as the detention of Chief M.K.O. Abiola for alleged treason. 
And the whole world would like to see the United States and China stand side by side for global economic progress, world peace and regional stability, he said. 
The observers from 16 different countries visited about 650 polling stations in all 11 of the country's provincial constituencies. 
He regarded as "highly successful" the conduct both of the voter registration in the July-September period and now the elections themselves. 